EX-5.2
6
d202459dex52.htm
EX-5.2

EX-5.2

 Exhibit 5.2

 November 3, 2025

Blackstone Inc.

 345 Park Avenue

New York, New York 10154

Re:
 Blackstone Inc. (the Company )

Ladies and Gentlemen:

 We have acted as special Qu&eacute;bec
counsel to Blackstone Holdings III L.P. ( Blackstone Holdings III ), Blackstone Holdings IV GP L.P. ( Blackstone Holdings IV GP ), Blackstone Holdings IV GP Sub L.P. ( Blackstone Holdings IV GP
Sub ) and Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. ( Blackstone Holdings IV and, together with Blackstone Holdings III referred to herein as the Qu&eacute;bec Guarantors ), in connection with the Registration Statement
on Form S-3, Registration Statement ), including the prospectus contained therein, as supplemented by the preliminary prospectus supplement and the prospectus supplement dated
October 28, 2025 (as so supplemented, the Prospectus ), filed by the Company, certain other Company subsidiaries and the Qu&eacute;bec Guarantors with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 Commission ) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ) relating to among other things (i) debt securities that are unsubordinated and unsecured obligations
(collectively, the Debt Securities of the Company and/or other Company subsidiaries, including Blackstone Reg Finance Co. L.L.C. (the Issuer ), to include the Qu&eacute;bec Guarantors and (ii) guarantees of the
Company and/or other Company subsidiaries to include the Qu&eacute;bec Guarantors. Such Debt Securities are referred to herein as the Notes .

EXAMINATION OF DOCUMENTS

 In rendering the opinions set
forth in this letter, we have examined:

(i)
 the Registration Statement;

(ii)
 the Underwriting Agreement dated October 28, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement ) among
the Issuer, the Guarantors named therein and the underwriters named therein;

(iii)
 the Base Indenture dated as of December 6, 2024 (the Base Indenture ) among the
Issuer, the Guarantors named therein, to include the Qu&eacute;bec Guarantors, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the Trustee ), as supplemented by the Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of
November 3, 2025 (the Second Supplemental Indenture ) and as further supplemented by the Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 3, 2025 (the Third Supplemental Indenture and, together with the
Base Indenture and the Second Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture ) among the Issuer, the Guarantors named therein, to include the Qu&eacute;bec Guarantors, and the Trustee, which provides, inter alia for the guarantees
by the Qu&eacute;bec Guarantors and the other Guarantors of the Notes (the Guarantees );

GOWLING WLG (CANADA) LLP

T +1 514 878 9641

Gowling WLG (Canada) LLP is a member of Gowling WLG, an international law firm which consists of independent and autonomous entities providing services around the world. Our structure is explained in more detail at
qowlinqwlq com/leqal

3700-1, Place Ville Marie

F +1 514 878 1450

Montr&eacute;al, Qu&eacute;bec H3B 3P4 Canada

gowlingwlg.com

(iv)
 a duplicate of the global note representing the Notes; and

(v)
 the limited partnership agreements, as amended and restated, of the Qu&eacute;bec Guarantors (the
 Partnership Agreements ), among the general partners and the limited partners party thereto.

 For the purposes of
the opinions expressed below, we have considered such questions of law as we have deemed necessary and have made such investigations and examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of such certificates of
public officials and such other certificates, documents and records as we have considered necessary or relevant and have relied, without independent verification or investigation, on all statements as to matters of fact contained in such documents,
including Certificates of Attestation issued by the Registraire des entreprises du Qu&eacute;bec for each of the Qu&eacute;bec Guarantors , Blackstone Holdings IV GP Sub and Blackstone Holdings IV GP dated October 31, 2025.

 This opinion is being provided at the request of the Company.

Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms have the meaning given to them in the Indenture.

ASSUMPTIONS AND RELIANCE

 For the purposes of the
opinions expressed below, we have assumed, without independent investigation or inquiry, that:

(a)
 with respect to all documents examined by us, the signatures are genuine, the individuals signing such
documents had legal capacity at the time of signing, all documents submitted to us as originals are authentic, and certified, conformed or photocopied copies, or copies transmitted electronically or by facsimile, conform to the authentic original
documents;

(b)
 the indices and records in all filing systems maintained in all public offices where we have searched or
inquired or have caused searches or inquiries to be conducted are accurate and current, and all certificates and information issued or provided pursuant thereto are and remain accurate and complete;

(c)
 the facts stated in the Certificates of Attestation are accurate as of the date given and continue to be true
as of the date hereof; and

(d)
 at the time of execution, delivery and performance of the Notes and the Guarantees, the Indenture will be the
valid and legally binding obligation of each party thereto other than the Qu&eacute;bec Guarantors.

 Page 2

 LAWS ADDRESSED

The opinions expressed in this letter are limited exclusively to the laws of the Province of Qu&eacute;bec and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein.

 OPINIONS

 We are of the opinion, based upon the
foregoing and subject to the qualifications stated in this letter, that:

 Corporate Opinions

1.
 Each of the Qu&eacute;bec Guarantors, Blackstone Holdings IV GP Sub and Blackstone Holdings IV GP has been duly
formed and organized, is validly existing as a limited partnership under the laws of Qu&eacute;bec, is duly registered under An Act respecting the legal publicity of enterprises (Qu&eacute;bec) (the Publicity Act ), is not
in default of its obligations to file annual declarations pursuant to the Publicity Act and is not in noncompliance with any request made under Section 73 of the Publicity Act.

2.
 Each of the Qu&eacute;bec Guarantors, Blackstone Holdings IV GP Sub and Blackstone Holdings IV GP has the
partnership power and authority to own or lease its property and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance by the Qu&eacute;bec Guarantors of its obligation under the Indenture and the Guarantees.

3.
 Assuming due authentication of the Notes by the Trustee and upon payment for and delivery of the Notes in
accordance with the Underwriting Agreement, the Guarantees will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Qu&eacute;bec Guarantors enforceable against the Qu&eacute;bec Guarantors in accordance with their terms.

4.
 Assuming due authentication of the Notes by the Trustee and upon payment for and delivery of the Notes in
accordance with the Underwriting Agreement, the execution and delivery by the Qu&eacute;bec Guarantors of the Indenture and the Guarantees, and the performance by the Qu&eacute;bec Guarantor of its obligations thereunder, and the consummation of the
Notes Offering will not, as applicable, contravene any provision of Qu&eacute;bec law or the provisions of the Partnership Agreements and the declaration of registration, as amended, of the Qu&eacute;bec Guarantors or any agreement or other
instrument binding upon the Qu&eacute;bec Guarantors.

 Page 3

 This opinion is for the benefit of its addressees in connection with the filing of the Registration
Statement, and we hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the Registration Statement and to the reference to our name in the Prospectus included in the Registration Statement. In giving the consent, we do not admit that we come
within the category of persons whose consent is required by the Securities Act or by the rules and regulations promulgated under it. This opinion is expressed as of the date hereof unless otherwise expressly stated and we disclaim any
undertaking to advise you of any subsequent changes in the facts stated herein.

Yours very truly,

/s/ Gowling WLG (Canada) LLP

GOWLING WLG (CANADA) LLP

 Page 4