EX-5.1
5
d202459dex51.htm
EX-5.1

EX-5.1

 Exhibit 5.1

Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP

900 G STREET NW

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20001

TELEPHONE:
+1-202-636-5500

FACSIMILE:
+1-202-636-5502

November 3, 2025

 Blackstone Inc.

345 Park Avenue

 New York, New York 10154

To the Addressee Stated Above:

 We have acted as
counsel to Blackstone Reg Finance Co. L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ), and Blackstone Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation ), Blackstone Holdings I L.P., a Delaware limited partnership
( Blackstone Holdings I ), Blackstone Holdings AI L.P., a Delaware limited partnership ( Blackstone Holdings AI ), Blackstone Holdings II L.P., a Delaware limited partnership ( Blackstone Holdings II and,
together with the Corporation, Blackstone Holdings I and Blackstone Holdings AI, the Delaware Guarantors ), Blackstone Holdings III L.P., a Qu&eacute;bec soci&eacute;t&eacute; en commandite ( Blackstone Holdings III ), and
Blackstone Holdings IV L.P., a Qu&eacute;bec soci&eacute;t&eacute; en commandite ( Blackstone Holdings IV and, together with Blackstone Holdings III, the Qu&eacute;bec Guarantors ; and the Qu&eacute;bec Guarantors together
with the Delaware Guarantors, the Guarantors ) in connection with the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (the Registration Statement ) filed by the Company and the Guarantors with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission ) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, relating to the issuance by the Company from time to time for an indeterminate aggregate initial offering price of, among other things,
debt securities, which may be either senior or subordinated (collectively, the Securities ) and the issuance by the Guarantors of Guarantees (as defined below) with respect to the Securities.

Blackstone Reg Finance Co. L.L.C.

 2

November 3, 2025

 We have examined the Registration Statement; the Underwriting Agreement dated
October 28, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement ), among the Company, the Guarantors and the underwriters named therein, pursuant to which such underwriters have agreed to purchase $600,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.300%
Senior Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes ) and $600,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.950% Senior Notes due 2036 (the 2036 Notes and, together with the 2030 Notes, the Notes ) issued by the Company
and unconditionally guaranteed by the Guarantors; the Indenture, dated as of December 6, 2024 (the Base Indenture ), among the Company, the Guarantors and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the
 Trustee ), as supplemented by the Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 3, 2025 (the Second Supplemental Indenture ), relating to the 2030 Notes, and as further supplemented by the Third Supplemental
Indenture (the Third Supplemental Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture and the Second Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture ), relating to the 2036 Notes, among the Company, the Guarantors and the Trustee;
duplicates of the global notes representing the Notes; and the guarantees whose terms are set forth in the Indenture (the Guarantees ). In addition, we have examined, and have relied as to matters of fact upon, originals, or duplicates
or certified or conformed copies, of such records, agreements, documents and other instruments and such certificates or comparable documents of public officials and of officers and representatives of the Company and the Guarantors and have made such
other investigations as we have deemed relevant and necessary in connection with the opinions hereinafter set forth.

 In rendering
the opinions set forth below, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the legal capacity of natural persons, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted
to us as duplicates or certified or conformed copies and the authenticity of the originals of such latter documents. We also have assumed that the Indenture is the valid and legally binding obligation of the Trustee.

Blackstone Reg Finance Co. L.L.C.

 3

November 3, 2025

 In rendering the opinions set forth below, we have assumed further that (1) the
Qu&eacute;bec Guarantors are validly existing and in good standing under the law of Qu&eacute;bec and have duly authorized, executed, issued and delivered the Underwriting Agreement, the Indenture and their Guarantees, as applicable, in accordance
with their organizational documents and the law of Qu&eacute;bec, (2) the execution, issuance, delivery and performance by the Qu&eacute;bec Guarantors of the Underwriting Agreement, the Indenture and their Guarantees, as applicable, do not
constitute a breach or violation of their organizational documents or violate the law of Qu&eacute;bec or any other applicable jurisdiction (except that no such assumption is made with respect to the federal law of the United States, the law of the
State of New York, the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (the DLLCA ) or the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act (the DRULPA )) and
(3) the execution, issuance, delivery and performance by the Company and each Guarantor of the Underwriting Agreement, the Indenture, the Notes and the Guarantees, as applicable, do not constitute a breach or default under any agreement or
instrument which is binding upon the Company or any such Guarantor.

 Based upon the foregoing, and subject to the qualifications,
assumptions and limitations stated herein, we are of the opinion that:

 1. Assuming due authentication thereof by the
Trustee and upon payment and delivery in accordance with the provisions of the Underwriting Agreement, the Notes will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms.

 2. Assuming due authentication of the Notes by the Trustee and upon payment for and delivery of the Notes in accordance
with the Underwriting Agreement, the Guarantees will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Guarantors enforceable against the Guarantors in accordance with their terms.

Blackstone Reg Finance Co. L.L.C.

 4

November 3, 2025

 Our opinions set forth above are subject to (i) the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency,
fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors rights generally, (ii) general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), (iii) an
implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing and (iv) the effects of the possible judicial application of foreign laws or foreign governmental or judicial action affecting creditors rights. In addition, we express no opinion as
to the validity, legally binding effect or enforceability of (i) the waiver of rights and defenses contained in Section 1406 of the Base Indenture or (ii) Section 110 and Section 9.3, of the Base Indenture and the Second
Supplemental Indenture, respectively, relating to the separability of the provisions of such agreements.

 In connection with
Section 112 and Section 9.7 of the Base Indenture and the Second Supplemental Indenture, respectively, whereby the parties submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of the United States of America for the Southern District of New York, we
note the limitations of 28 U.S.C. Sections 1331 and 1332 on subject matter jurisdiction of the U.S. federal courts. In connection with the provisions of Section 112 and Section 9.7 of the Base Indenture and the Second Supplemental
Indenture, respectively, which relate to forum selection (including, without limitation, any waiver of any objection to venue or any objection that a court is an inconvenient forum), we note that under N.Y.C.P.L.R. Section 510 a New York State
court may have discretion to transfer the place of trial, and under 28 U.S.C. Section 1404(a) a United States District Court has discretion to transfer an action from one U.S. federal court to another.

We do not express any opinion herein concerning any law other than the law of the State of New York, the federal law of the United States, the
DGCL, the DLLCA and the DRULPA. We expressly disclaim coverage of any other Delaware law, except judicial decisions interpreting the DGCL, the DLLCA and the DRULPA.

Blackstone Reg Finance Co. L.L.C.

 5

November 3, 2025

 We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion letter as Exhibit 5.1 to the Registration
Statement and to the use of our name under the caption Legal Matters in the prospectus included in the Registration Statement.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP

SIMPSON THACHER & BARTLETT LLP