EX-10.21
3
cg2024123110-kex1021.htm
EX-10.21

CG 2024.12.31 10-K EX10.21

Exhibit 10.21

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement ) is entered into by and
between Employer and Employee on the Effective Date. Capitalized terms used in this
Agreement, but not otherwise defined in this Agreement, have the meanings given to such terms
in the Appendix of Key Terms, which is attached to this Agreement as Attachment 1, and is
considered a part of this Agreement for all purposes and is incorporated herein by reference.
RECITALS
A.Employer desires to employ Employee on the terms and conditions set forth herein and
B.Employee desires to be employed by Employer on such terms and conditions.
AGREEMENT
For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows
1.Employment. Employer agrees to employ Employee, and Employee hereby
accepts such employment, on the terms and conditions set forth herein for a term commencing on
the Commencement Date and ending on the date on which Employee s employment is
terminated in accordance with Section 6 of this Agreement (the Term ).
2.Duties. During the Term of Employee s employment by Employer
a.Employee shall have the position of Title and will have the responsibilities,
duties and authority consistent with such position, and as defined and as
limited by Employee s supervisor.
b.Employee shall concentrate Employee s activities during the Term on (i)
leading various strategic initiatives at the firm under the direction of the CFO
and COO and (ii) such other responsibilities, consistent with Employee s
position, as may reasonably be assigned to Employee by Employer from time
to time.
c.Employee shall devote Employee s energies, attention, reasonable best efforts
and full and exclusive business time to the business and affairs of Carlyle,
provided that nothing in this Agreement shall preclude Employee from (i)
engaging in personal investment activities (subject to Carlyle s insider trading
and conflict of interest policies) (ii) engaging in activities consented to by
Employer in its sole discretion pursuant to Section 2.f. below (iii) serving as a
member of the board of directors of the companies named on Schedule A
hereto, if any or (iv) engaging in charitable, professional and or community
activities, in each case so long as such activities do not materially conflict or
interfere with the proper performance of Employee s duties hereunder.

2

d.Employee acknowledges and agrees that during the Term Employee owes a
fiduciary duty of loyalty, fidelity and allegiance to act at all times in the best
interests of Carlyle and Employer and to do no act that would knowingly
injure the business, interests or reputation of Employer or Carlyle. In keeping
with these duties, Employee shall make full disclosure during the Term to
Employer of all significant business opportunities that pertain to Carlyle s
business, and Employee shall not appropriate for Employee s own benefit
business opportunities concerning the subject matter of the fiduciary
relationship or that might benefit Carlyle, which business opportunities
Employee learned of during the Term.
e.Employee shall at all times comply with (i) all applicable laws, rules and
regulations that are related to Employee s duties and responsibilities assumed
hereunder and (ii) all corporate and business policies and procedures of
Carlyle and Employer that are applicable to employees in Employer s U.S.
office locations, including, without limitation, the New York Attorney
General s Public Pension Fund Reform Code of Conduct (the Pension Code
of Conduct ).
f.Employee shall not, without the prior written approval of Employer in its sole
discretion, receive compensation or any direct or indirect financial benefit for
services rendered during the Term to any Person other than Employer.
g.In connection with Employee s execution of this Agreement, Employee shall
execute and deliver to Carlyle the certification attached hereto as Schedule B.
Employee understands and acknowledges that Employer and Carlyle are
relying on the certifications and covenants set forth therein as a basis for their
compliance with the Pension Code of Conduct and that the accuracy of, and
Employee s continued compliance with, such certifications and covenants are
conditions to Employee s continued employment.
3.Location. Employee s office shall be located at Employer s offices in the Office
Location, provided that subject to Employer s policies applicable to employees of Employee s
level of Title in the Office Location as in effect from time to time and which may be changed in
Employer s sole discretion, Employee also may have a hybrid working arrangement pursuant to
which Employee may perform a portion Employee s duties from Employee s residence in the
Office Location area. Employee is expected to travel during the Term to the extent reasonably
necessary to conduct Carlyle business, contingent upon any worldwide travel restrictions and
Employer s then current policy regarding employee business travel.
4.Compensation. As compensation for Employee s services, Employer shall pay
Employee the following compensation, subject to Section 6 below
a.Employer shall pay to Employee the Base Salary Amount per annum
throughout the Term (payable in accordance with Employer s payroll policies,
but in no event less frequently than once every month). The Base Salary

3

Amount may be prospectively increased by Employer from time to time in its
sole discretion, depending upon Employee s performance.
b.Employer intends to pay bonuses to Employee from time to time as described
below and as determined by Employer, provided that Employee is employed
by Employer at the time of payment of such bonuses (except as otherwise
indicated in Section 7 hereto) and the other terms and conditions for payment
of such bonuses as described herein are satisfied

i.2023 Guaranteed Bonus. Employee will be paid the 2023 Guaranteed
Bonus Amount as an annual bonus for calendar year 2023, payable at
the time other employees of Employee s level of Title are paid annual
bonuses for calendar year 2023, but in no event later than March 15,
2024 provided that any discretionary bonuses paid before December
31, 2023 will first count against the 2023 Guaranteed Bonus Amount
(excluding any amounts previously paid in respect of the Make Whole
Bonus Amount). For the avoidance of doubt, the Guaranteed Bonus
Amount will be prorated to reflect months worked.
ii.2024 Guaranteed Bonus. Employee will be paid the 2024 Guaranteed
Bonus Amount as an annual bonus for calendar year 2024, payable at
the time other employees of Employee s level of Title are paid annual
bonuses for calendar year 2024, but in no event later than March 15,
2025 provided that any discretionary bonuses paid from January 1,
2024 through December 31, 2024, inclusive, will first count against
the 2024 Guaranteed Bonus Amount (excluding any amounts
previously paid in respect of the Make Whole Bonus Amount).

iii.Eligibility for Discretionary Bonuses Following Calendar Year 2024.
For periods following calendar year 2024, all bonuses will be payable
to Employee at Employer s discretion in connection with Employer s
annual discretionary year-end performance-based bonus program. Any
discretionary bonus shall be payable in Currency in accordance with
Employer s policies and procedures, and all or a portion of any such
discretionary bonus may be paid in restricted stock units (at the
election of Employer), but in no event shall any such discretionary
bonus be paid later than March 15 of the following year.
iv. Make-Whole Bonus. Employer shall pay the Make-Whole Bonus
Amount to Employee on Employer s next regularly scheduled payroll
date that is 90 days after the Commencement Date. Employee
understands and agrees that if at any time prior to the first anniversary
of the Commencement Date, Employee terminates Employee s
employment pursuant to Section 6.c.ii. or Employer terminates
Employee s employment pursuant to Section 6.b.ii., then, in each case,

4

Employee shall repay to Employer the full Make-Whole Bonus
Amount received by Employee pursuant to this Section 4 b. iv within
30 days following the date of termination of Employee s employment.
The Make-Whole Bonus Amount shall not be payable by Employer if
Employee s employment terminates for any reason, whether such
termination is by Employer or by Employee, prior to the date on which
the Make-Whole Bonus Amount is paid to Employee.

c.During the Term, Employee shall be eligible for reimbursement for all
reasonable expenses for travel, lodging, entertainment and other business
expenses in connection with Employer s or Carlyle s business, subject to
Carlyle s business expense reimbursement policies applicable to employees in
the Office Location.
d.During the Term, Employee shall, as incidences of employment, be eligible to
participate in Employer s employee benefit plans and programs, including
those providing health, insurance, retirement and vacation benefits, to the
same extent as offered to other employees with Employee s tenure and level
of Title for the Office Location, subject to the terms and eligibility
requirements thereof and as such plans and programs may be amended from
time to time in Employer s sole discretion.
e.To the extent permitted by applicable securities and other laws, Employee
may be permitted (but not obligated) during the Term to make personal
investments directly in investments made by Carlyle and its investment funds
during the Term without fees or carried interest (unless otherwise specified in
the applicable subscription documents), provided that the amounts available
for personal investment by Employee shall be determined by Carlyle in a
manner consistent with Carlyle s policies established for coinvestments by
other employees at the level of Title in the Office Location, including an
expense recovery allocation. Coinvestments with respect to investments made
by a particular Carlyle investment fund may require Employee to make a
commitment to invest in all investments acquired by such fund during the
Term, in accordance with internal coinvestment policies adopted by Carlyle
with respect to such fund.
5.Background Investigation. Employee s employment is contingent upon
Employer s satisfactory completion of its background investigation of Employee, which shall be
completed within 90 days of the Commencement Date. In addition, Employer may require that a
background investigation be conducted by an independent third party. Following the
Commencement Date, Employee may be subject to periodic background checks from time to
time at Employer s sole discretion. An unsatisfactory background investigation, a delay in the
process due to lack of response from Employee for requested information or falsification,
misrepresentation or omission on Employee s resume, new hire paperwork or other work records
will result in the termination of the offer of employment and in the event Employee s

5

employment has commenced, Employee s employment shall be terminated and such termination
shall be deemed to be for Cause (as defined herein).
6.Termination. If Employee does not commence employment with Employer, for
any reason, by the Commencement Date (including because any non-competition, garden leave,
notice period, or similar covenants applicable to Employee with any former employer have not
expired or been waived, or Employer s earlier withdrawal of this Agreement for any reason), this
Agreement and any related agreement entered into between Employee and Carlyle shall be null
and void and no amounts shall be payable to Employee by Employer hereunder or thereunder.
For the avoidance of doubt, Employee will not be an employee of Employer or Carlyle unless
and until Employee actually begins employment on the Commencement Date. Employee s
employment with Employer shall be terminable at any time during the Term as follows
a.automatically upon Employee s death
b.by Employer, subject only to such notification requirements as are required by
this Section 6.b.
i.upon Employee s incapacitation by accident, sickness or other
circumstance that renders Employee mentally or physically incapable
of performing the duties and services required of Employee hereunder
for a period of at least 180 days during any 12-month period, subject to
the requirements of the Americans With Disabilities Act or any similar
applicable law
ii.immediately for Cause , which for purposes of this Agreement means
that Employee has (A) engaged in gross negligence or willful
misconduct in the performance of the duties required of Employee
hereunder (B) willfully engaged in conduct that Employee knows or,
based on facts known to Employee, should know, is materially
injurious to Employer or any of its affiliates (C) materially breached
any provision of this Agreement (other than Section 8.c. or Section
8.d., which are addressed in sub-section (F) below) (D) been
convicted of, or entered a plea bargain or settlement admitting guilt
for, (x) fraud, embezzlement or any other felony or (y) any
misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, in each case under the laws of
the United States or of any state or municipality or the District of
Columbia or any other country or any jurisdiction of any other country
(but specifically excluding for purposes of both clause (x) and (y),
minor traffic infractions) (E) been the subject of any judicial or
administrative order obtained or issued by the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission or similar agency or tribunal of any country,
for any securities violation involving insider trading, fraud,
misappropriation, dishonesty or willful misconduct (including, for
example, any such order consented to by Employee in which findings
of facts or any legal conclusions establishing liability are neither

6

admitted nor denied) or (F) breached any provision of Section 8.c. or
Section 8.d or
iii.for any other reason whatsoever, upon 30 days notice to Employee, or
immediately if Employer pays Employee 30 days compensation as
severance pay in exchange for execution of a separation agreement
including a Release and
c.by Employee, at any time during the Term, subject only to such notification
requirements as are required by this Section 6.c.
i.for Good Reason, which means (A) a material breach of this
Agreement by Employer or (B) a significant, sustained reduction in, or
adverse modification of, the nature and scope of Employee s authority,
duties and privileges during the Term (whether or not accompanied by
a change in title), but in each case only if (I) Employer has received
written notice from Employee of Employee s intent to terminate
Employee s employment for Good Reason and specifying in detail the
basis for such termination within 60 days following the first
occurrence of the event alleged to constitute Good Reason, (II) such
Good Reason has not been corrected or cured by Employer within 30
days after Employer s receipt of such notice and (III) Employee
terminates Employee s employment with Employer within 30 days
following the expiration of such 30-day cure period or
ii.for any other reason whatsoever, upon notice to Employer given in
accordance with Section 17 hereof.
7.Effect of Termination.
a.Upon termination of Employee s employment for any reason,
Employee shall be entitled to receive (i) any unpaid portion of the Base
Salary Amount that has been earned and accrued through the effective date
of such termination (ii) reimbursement pursuant to Section 4.c. for
business expenses incurred by Employee during the Term and (iii) any
vested amount accrued and arising from Employee s participation in, or
benefits accrued under any employee benefit plans, programs or
arrangements, which amounts shall be payable in accordance with the
terms and conditions of such employee benefit plans, programs or
arrangements, and, except in the case of a termination pursuant to Section
6.b.ii., amounts accrued and arising from any equity-based incentive plan.
Except as otherwise expressly required by law (e.g., COBRA) or as
specifically provided herein, all of Employee s rights to salary, severance,
benefits, bonuses and other compensatory amounts hereunder (if any) shall
cease upon the termination of Employee s employment hereunder. In the
event that Employee s employment is terminated by Employer for any

7

reason, Employee s sole and exclusive remedy shall be to receive the
payments and benefits described in this Section 7.
b.If at any time on or before the first anniversary of the
Commencement Date (provided that Employee commenced employment
with Employer on the Commencement Date) (i) Employee terminates
Employee s employment pursuant to Section 6.c.i. and Employer could
not have terminated Employee s employment for Cause pursuant to
Section 6.b.ii. or (ii) Employer terminates Employee s employment
pursuant to Section 6.b.iii., then, in either case, subject to Employee
timely signing and not revoking a release of claims in a form reasonably
acceptable to Employer that releases Employer and its affiliates from
further claims and liabilities relating to Employee s employment and the
termination of Employee s employment (other than claims for
indemnification pursuant to Section 9) (the Release ), Employer shall
pay (in addition to the payments and benefits set forth in Section 7.a.) cash
severance to Employee, within 60 days after the date of such termination,
in a lump sum amount equal to the sum of (x) the unpaid portion of the
Base Salary Amount that Employer would have paid Employee from the
date of such termination through the first anniversary of the
Commencement Date if Employee s employment had not terminated, plus
(y) the excess, if any, of the sum of the 2023 Guaranteed Bonus Amount
and 2024 Guaranteed Bonus Amount over the cumulative amount of all
bonuses actually paid to Employee pursuant to Section 4 through the
effective date of such termination (including, without limitation, amounts
previously paid in respect of the 2023 Guaranteed Bonus Amount and the
2024 Guaranteed Bonus Amount from the Commencement Date through
such date of employment termination, but excluding any amounts
previously paid in respect of the Make Whole Bonus Amount).
c.If at any time after the first anniversary of the Commencement
Date and on or before the second anniversary of the Commencement Date
(provided that Employee commenced employment with Employer on the
Commencement Date) (i) Employee terminates Employee s employment
pursuant to Section 6.c.i. and Employer could not have terminated
Employee s employment for Cause pursuant to Section 6.b.ii. or
(ii) Employer terminates Employee s employment pursuant to Section
6.b.iii., then, in either case, subject to Employee timely signing and not
revoking a Release, Employer shall pay (in addition to the payments and
benefits set forth in Section 7.a.) cash severance to Employee, within 60
days after the date of such termination, in a lump sum amount equal to the
sum of (x) 25% of the Base Salary Amount, plus (y) the excess, if any, of
the sum of the 2023 Guaranteed Bonus Amount and 2024 Guaranteed
Bonus Amount over the cumulative amount of all bonuses actually paid to
Employee pursuant to Section 4 through the effective date of such

8

termination (including, without limitation, amounts previously paid in
respect of the 2023 Guaranteed Bonus Amount and the 2024 Guaranteed
Bonus Amount from the Commencement Date through such date of
employment termination, but excluding any amounts previously paid in
respect of the Make Whole Bonus Amount).
d.If at any time after the second anniversary of the Commencement
Date (provided that Employee commenced employment with Employer on
the Commencement Date) (i) Employee terminates Employee s
employment pursuant to Section 6.c.i. and Employer could not have
terminated Employee s employment for Cause pursuant to Section 6.b.ii.
or (ii) Employer terminates Employee s employment pursuant to Section
6.b.iii., then, in either case, subject to Employee timely signing and not
revoking the Release, Employer shall pay (in addition to the payments and
benefits set forth in Section 7.a.) cash severance to Employee, within 60
days after the date of such termination, in a lump sum amount that is equal
to 25% of the Base Salary Amount.
e.The sole liability of Employer under this Agreement upon a
termination of Employee s employment (provided that Employee
commenced employment with Employer on the Commencement Date)
shall be (i) to pay the amounts expressly provided for in this Section 7 as
being due and owed upon such termination and (ii) to comply with any
other obligations under this Agreement that expressly survive termination
of Employee s employment or pursuant to any other written agreements
between Employee and Employer or pursuant to any employee benefit
plan.
f.To the extent that Employee is required to deliver a signed Release
as a pre-condition to receiving payments under this Section 7, such signed
Release must be delivered to Employer by no later than forty-five (45)
days following the date of termination of Employee s employment. If
Employee fails to sign and deliver the Release on or prior to such date or
timely revokes acceptance of the Release thereafter, Employee shall not be
entitled to any severance benefits under this Agreement. In any case
where the forty-five (45) day period following the date of termination of
Employee s employment straddles two separate calendar years, any
payments of nonqualified deferred compensation (within the meaning of
Section 409A) included in the severance benefits shall be made in the later
calendar year, regardless of when the signed Release is delivered by
Employee to Employer.

9

8.Records and Confidential Data.
a.All memoranda, notices, files, records and other documents made or compiled
by Employee during the Term in the ordinary course of business or made
available to Employee concerning the business of Carlyle (including, without
limitation, any best practices materials made available to Employee), shall
be Employer s property and shall be delivered to Employer promptly
following its request therefor or automatically promptly following the end of
the Term.
b.Employee acknowledges that, in and as a result of Employee s employment
hereunder, Employee will be making use of and or acquiring confidential or
proprietary information, knowledge and data developed by Carlyle and its
affiliates that is of a special and unique nature and value to Carlyle, including,
but not limited to, financial, tax, privileged or economic information relating
to Carlyle (including, for this purpose, any affiliates, members, partners and
employees) or any other confidential or proprietary information relating to the
business, strategic, advertising, marketing, trade practices or investment
activities of Carlyle or any affiliates, members or any portfolio investments
held by any investment fund controlled by Carlyle or its affiliates
(collectively, Confidential Information ). Employee shall not at any time,
directly or indirectly, disclose to any Person (other than Carlyle) or use for
any purpose other than in accordance with Employee s employment with
Carlyle, any Confidential Information (regardless of whether such information
qualifies as a trade secret under applicable law) that has been obtained by or
disclosed to Employee as a result of Employee s employment by Employer
unless (i) authorized in writing by Employer (ii) such information,
knowledge or data is or becomes available to the public generally without
breach of this Section 8 (iii) disclosure is required to be made pursuant to an
order of any court or government agency, subpoena or legal process (iv)
disclosure is made to officers, directors or affiliates of Employer or Carlyle
(and the officers and directors of such affiliates) or to auditors, counsel, or
other professional advisors to Employer or Carlyle or (v) disclosure is
required by a court, mediator or arbitrator in connection with any litigation or
dispute between Employer and Employee. Employee shall immediately
supply Employer with a copy of any legal process delivered to Employee
requesting Confidential Information. Prior to any disclosure of Confidential
Information, Employee shall seek to obtain an order reasonably acceptable to
Employer protecting the confidentiality of such information (and shall not
disclose such Confidential Information until such a protective order
satisfactory to Employer has been obtained), and notify Employer as soon as
reasonably practicable (and in any event at least ten (10) Business Days in
advance of disclosing such Confidential Information) of such disclosure.
Employee agrees that Employee s obligations under this Section 8 may be

10

enforced by specific performance and that breaches or prospective breaches of
this Section 8 may be enjoined.
c.Employee will not disclose publicly any information about Carlyle s private
placement fundraising efforts, or the name of any fund vehicle that has not
had a final closing of commitments, and will not discuss (or authorize others
to discuss) any such private placement fundraising information with any
reporter or representative of any press or other public media.
d.Employee represents that Employee s execution and delivery of this
Agreement to Employer as of the Effective Date does not and that Employee s
commencement of Employee s employment by Employer on the
Commencement Date will not violate or breach any agreement to which
Employee is a party with any former employer or other service recipient,
including, but not limited to, any non-competition or non-solicitation
agreement, any agreement to keep in confidence or refrain from using
information acquired by Employee prior to Employee s employment by
Employer or any other restrictive covenant contained in any agreement to
which Employee is a party with any former employer or other service
recipient. Employee agrees that Employee will not perform any work, engage
in any activities or provide any services with, to, for or on behalf of Employer
prior to the Commencement Date, or otherwise take any actions (or inaction)
that would violate any agreements or covenants between Employee and any
former employer or other service recipient. Employee represents and agrees
that Employee s entry into this Agreement and the payment of any amounts
hereunder by Employer will not violate any agreements or covenants between
Employee and any former employer (or other counter-party). Employee
further agrees that during Employee s employment by Employer, Employee
will not violate any provision in any agreement to which Employee is a party
or any covenant in any agreement to which Employee is a party related to
non-competition, non-solicitation or confidentiality, including any such
agreements or covenants Employee entered into with any former employer (or
other counter-party). Employee agrees that Employee will not improperly
make use of or disclose any confidential information or trade secrets of any
former employer or other third party, nor will Employee bring onto the
premises of Employer or use any unpublished documents or any property
belonging to any former employer or other third party, in violation of any
agreements with such former employer or third party.
e.Employee indemnifies Employer and its affiliates and holds them harmless
from any losses, expenses (including, but not limited to, attorneys fees and
costs) or damages incurred as a result of Employee s actual or alleged
violation or breach of this Section 8. Employee shall also pay for any losses,
expenses (including, but not limited to, attorneys fees and costs) or damages

11

Employee personally incurs as a result of Employee s actual or alleged
violation or breach of this Section 8.
f.Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Employee agrees that
upon accepting employment with a different employer, and in any event prior
to commencing employment with such employer, Employee will disclose to
such employer Employee s obligations under this Agreement, including
Employee s obligations under this Section 8 ( Records and Confidential
Information ) and under Sections 11 ( Non-Competition ) and 12 ( Non-
Solicitation ), and Employee hereby agrees that Employer may confirm such
disclosure with such employer, and that Employee will provide the necessary
contact information for such confirmation promptly following request therefor
by Employer.
g.Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement (i) no provision of
this Agreement prohibits or restricts any employee from reporting possible
violations of law or other whistleblower information to a government
regulator or governmental agency (including the right to receive an award for
information provided to any such government agencies) (ii) Carlyle s consent
is not required for such disclosure to a regulator or governmental agency and
(iii) notice to Carlyle is not required in the case of such whistleblower
disclosure to a government regulator or government agency. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, under no circumstance is Employee authorized to disclose
information covered by Carlyle s attorney-client privilege or attorney work
product without Carlyle s prior written consent. The obligations under this
Section 8 shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement and
any termination of Employee s employment.
9.Indemnification.
a.Employer will cause each investment fund to which Employee provides
investment advice to indemnify, defend (limited to reasonable attorneys fees
and costs) and hold Employee harmless for all losses, costs, expenses or
liabilities based upon or related to acts, decisions or omissions made by
Employee in good faith during the Term while performing services on behalf
of such investment fund within the scope of Employee s employment for
Employer, provided that such acts, decisions or omissions do not constitute
fraud, willful misconduct or gross negligence. Provided further that as a
condition to indemnification in any proceeding in which Employee seeks
indemnification, Employee shall be required to (i) keep Carlyle or its
designated counsel fully informed of the progress, relevant facts, issues and
events of such proceeding (ii) cooperate with Carlyle and its counsel in the
defense of any such proceeding in accordance with this Agreement (iii)
provide truthful testimony in and diligently pursue defense of such
proceeding and (iv) refrain from settling such proceeding without Carlyle s

12

approval and unless such settlement has a full and unconditional release of
Carlyle and Employee and imposes no payment obligations on Carlyle (to
Employee or any other Person). The obligations of such investment funds
under this Section 9 shall survive any termination of Employee s employment.
The indemnification of Employee hereunder shall be secondary to and in
excess of any and all payment to which Employee is entitled pursuant to any
insurance policy issued to or for the benefit of Employee, Carlyle and or any
Carlyle portfolio company.
b.Notwithstanding the foregoing, the indemnification obligations of each
investment fund to which Employee provides investment advice shall be
subject to the conditions that such acts, decisions or omissions made by
Employee do not constitute fraud, willful misconduct or gross negligence. If,
when and to the extent that any investment fund to which Employee provides
investment advice determines that Employee would not be permitted to be so
indemnified under applicable law, the investment fund to which Employee
provides investment advice shall be entitled to be reimbursed by Employee
(who hereby agrees to reimburse each investment fund to which Employee
provides investment advice) for all such amounts paid prior to that
determination. It is understood and agreed that the foregoing agreement by
Employee shall be deemed to satisfy any requirement that Employee provide
any investment fund to which Employee provides investment advice with an
undertaking to repay any advanced amounts if it is determined that Employee
is not entitled to indemnification under applicable law.
c.In the event of any indemnification made by a Carlyle investment fund with
respect to Employee, then such investment fund shall be subrogated to the
extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Employee, including
the rights of Employee under any insurance policies. Employee shall
cooperate with each investment fund to which Employee provides investment
advice, execute all papers reasonably required and do everything that may be
reasonably necessary to secure such rights, including the execution of such
documents necessary to enable each investment fund to which Employee
provides investment advice effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights.
d.The obligations of each such investment fund to which Employee provides
investment advice under this Section 9 shall survive any termination of this
Agreement.
10.Non-Disparagement. Employee covenants and agrees that, both during and at all
times following Employee s employment with Employer, except as prohibited by applicable law,
Employee shall not make any communication (in writing, orally or otherwise) that is disparaging
about Carlyle or Carlyle s affiliates, investment funds or portfolio companies or any of their
respective principals, directors, businesses, partners, officers or agents. For purposes of this
Agreement, a communication that is disparaging includes, but is not limited to, any

13

communication that is critical or derogatory or that may reasonably be expected to tend to injure
the reputation or business of Carlyle or such Person. Employee agrees and acknowledges that
the foregoing non-disparagement covenant is a material inducement to Carlyle to enter into this
Agreement and, as such, it is agreed by the parties that any violation of this Section 10 by
Employee will constitute a material breach of this Agreement. Employee further agrees that the
remedy at law for any breach of this Section 10 may be inadequate, and that Carlyle shall, in
addition to whatever other remedies it may have at law or in equity, be entitled (without posting
bond or other security) to injunctive or other equitable relief, as deemed appropriate by any such
court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction, to prevent a breach of Employee s obligations as set
forth in this Section 10. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee shall not be deemed to have
violated this Section 10 in the case of any communication that is made (a) pursuant to a court
order, subpoena or legal process (b) to a court, mediator, government agency or arbitrator in
connection with any litigation or dispute between Employer and Employee or (c) exclusively to
Employer in the course of Employer s supervision or review of Employee s job performance.
The obligations under this Section 10 shall survive the expiration or termination of this
Agreement.
11.Non-Competition. In consideration of the benefits and promises provided herein,
Employee covenants and agrees that, both during Employee s employment with Employer and, if
Employer terminates Employee s employment with Employer pursuant to Section 6.b.ii. or if
Employee voluntarily terminates Employee s employment with Employer pursuant to Section
6.c.ii., in either case, for the applicable period shown on Attachment 2 hereto (determined based
on Employee s corresponding title and level on the date on which, as applicable, Employer
terminates Employee s employment or Employee notifies Employer of Employee s intent to
voluntarily terminate Employee s employment) following the date of the termination of
Employee s employment with Employer or, if earlier and to the extent applicable, the date on
which Employee notifies Employer of Employee s intent to voluntarily terminate Employee s
employment (such period, as applicable, the Non-Competition Period ), Employee will not,
directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of Employer, provide services to a
 Competing Investment Business (as defined below). The Non-Competition Period shall run
concurrently with any Notice Period (as defined in Section 17) and shall not be extended by
the Notice Period. For purposes of this Agreement, a Competing Investment Business shall
mean any alternative asset management investment advisory business (whether stand-alone or
part of a larger organization) or other business engaging in similar investment sponsorship
activity (such as providing investment advisory services for the benefit of a special purpose
acquisition company) and shall include, without limitation, any business engaging in the
activities and business strategies of the investment funds, vehicles and accounts and other
investment products, services and lines of business operated by or within Carlyle s business
during the term of Employee s employment. Employee acknowledges and agrees that Carlyle s
business is worldwide in scope and therefore this restriction governs Employee s activities
anywhere in the world where Employee (i) provided services (ii) directly or indirectly
supervised or managed business operations and or employees and or (iii) maintained client or
investor relationships, in each case on behalf of Carlyle s business. Employee shall be deemed
to be providing services to a Competing Investment Business if Employee provides services
directly or indirectly, whether individually or through or by another person or an entity in which

14

Employee is a director (or the equivalent), officer, employee, consultant, representative, agent or
otherwise, to a Competing Investment Business. Employee shall not be deemed to be providing
services to a Competing Investment Business if (A) the Competing Investment Business is a
publicly traded entity and Employee s only relationship with such entity is an equity stake of five
percent (5%) or less or (B) Employee indirectly holds an equity interest of five percent (5%) or
less of the interests in a Competing Investment Business that is providing services through a fund
or similar investment vehicle in which Employee is a limited partner (or functional equivalent)
with no direction or control over the investments of such fund or other investment vehicle. The
restrictions contained in this Section 11 do not prevent Employee from (I) managing Employee s
personal investment activities that are not a Competing Investment Business and for which
Employee receives no compensation in any form or (II) participating in charitable, community,
literary and artistic activities, subject to Section 1(c) hereof. Employee agrees that this Section
11 may briefly limit Employee s ability to earn a livelihood in a business similar to Carlyle s
business, but Employee nevertheless hereby agrees and hereby acknowledges that the
consideration provided to Employee in this Agreement is adequate to support the restrictions
contained herein. Employee further agrees that the restrictions set forth in this Section 11 are
reasonable and necessary to protect Carlyle s confidential information (including trade secrets),
goodwill and other legitimate business needs. In the event that any court or tribunal of competent
jurisdiction shall determine this Section 11 to be unenforceable or invalid for any reason,
Employee and Carlyle agree that this Section 11 shall be interpreted to extend only over the
maximum period of time, geographic area and scope of activities for which it may be
enforceable, as determined by such court or tribunal. Employee agrees and acknowledges that
the foregoing non-competition covenant is a material inducement to Carlyle to enter into this
Agreement and, as such, it is agreed by Carlyle and Employee that any breach or threatened
breach of this non-competition restriction by Employee may result in substantial, continuing and
irreparable injury to Carlyle and will constitute a material breach of this Agreement and shall
entitle Carlyle to cease making any payment pursuant to this Agreement, among other remedies.
In the event of Employee s breach or threatened breach of this this non-competition restriction,
Employee agrees and acknowledges that Carlyle shall be entitled to forfeiture and or clawback of
the economic and or equity interests Employee has received from Carlyle, in addition to
whatever other remedies at law Carlyle may have. Employee and Carlyle further agree that the
remedy at law for any breach or threatened breach of this Section 11 by Employee may be
inadequate, and that Carlyle shall, in addition to whatever other remedies Carlyle may have at
law or in equity, be entitled (without posting bond or other security) to injunctive relief, specific
performance and or other equitable relief, as deemed appropriate by any court or tribunal of
competent jurisdiction, to prevent a breach of Employee s obligations as set forth in this Section
11. The obligations under this Section 11 shall survive the termination of Employee s
employment and the expiration or termination of this Agreement.
12.Non-Solicitation. Employee covenants and agrees that, both during the Term of
Employee s employment with Employer and for a period of twelve months after the last day that
Employee is employed by Employer or an affiliate thereof (regardless of the reason for the
termination of Employee s employment), Employee will not, directly or indirectly, without the
prior written consent of Carlyle (a) participate in any capacity, including as an investor or an
advisor, in any transaction that Carlyle or any of its affiliates was actively considering investing

15

in or offering to invest in prior to the date of termination (b) solicit, contact or identify investors
in any investment partnership, fund, vehicle or managed account controlled or advised by Carlyle
or its affiliates (to the extent Employee knows that such Person is an investor, directly or
indirectly, in such partnership, fund, vehicle or managed account) on behalf of any Person or (c)
recruit, solicit, hire, induce or seek to induce or hire any then-current employee or member of
Carlyle or its affiliates to become employed by Employee or any other Person. Employee agrees
that this Section 12 may briefly limit Employee s ability to earn a livelihood in a business similar
to the business conducted by Employer, but Employee nevertheless hereby agrees and hereby
acknowledges the consideration provided to Employee in this Agreement is adequate to support
the restrictions contained herein. Employee further agrees that the restrictions set forth in this
Section 12 are reasonable and necessary to protect Carlyle s confidential information (including
trade secrets), goodwill and other legitimate business needs. In the event that any court or
tribunal of competent jurisdiction shall determine this Section 12 to be unenforceable or invalid
for any reason, Employee and Carlyle agree that this Section 12 shall be interpreted to extend
only over the maximum period of time, geographic area and scope of activities for which it may
be enforceable, as determined by such court or tribunal. Employee agrees and acknowledges that
the foregoing non-solicitation covenant is a material inducement to Carlyle to enter into this
Agreement and, as such, Carlyle and Employee agree that any breach or threatened breach of this
Section 12 by Employee may result in substantial, continuing and irreparable injury to Carlyle
and will constitute a material breach of this Agreement and shall entitle Carlyle to cease making
any payment pursuant to this Agreement, among other remedies. In the event of Employee s
breach or threatened breach of this Section 12, Employee agrees and acknowledges that Carlyle
shall be entitled to forfeiture and or clawback of the economic and or equity interests Employee
has received from Carlyle, in addition to whatever other remedies at law Carlyle may have.
Employee further agrees that the remedy at law for any breach or threatened breach of this
Section 12 may be inadequate, and that Carlyle shall, in addition to whatever other remedies it
may have at law or in equity, be entitled (without posting bond or other security) to injunctive
relief, specific performance and or other equitable relief, as deemed appropriate by any court or
tribunal of competent jurisdiction, to prevent a breach of Employee s obligations as set forth in
this Section 12. The obligations under this Section 12 shall survive the expiration or termination
of this Agreement and the termination of Employee s employment.
13.Offset. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Carlyle shall have the right to set-
off or otherwise withhold, any and all proceeds, distributions and payments (other than wages
due to Employee solely by virtue of such Employee s status as an employee), including without
limitation, bonus payments, equity-based awards and any amounts representing such Employee s
direct and indirect share of distributions or incentive fees otherwise payable from any Carlyle-
related fund or entity (including Carlyle s investment or coinvestment funds), in order to recover
any amounts due to Carlyle from Employee, including damages as a result of breach of any
contractual obligation that Employee has to Employer.
14.Governing Law. The validity of this Agreement and any of the terms or
provisions, as well as the rights and duties of the parties hereunder, shall be governed by the laws
of the Governing Jurisdiction, without reference to any conflict of law or choice of law principles
in the Governing Jurisdiction that might apply the law of another jurisdiction.

16

15.Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple original counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the
same document. Signature pages in .pdf form or other electronic signatures (including
signatures via DocuSign) shall be deemed original signatures of this Agreement.
16.Arbitration.
a.Except as otherwise provided below or prohibited by applicable law, any
dispute, claim or controversy arising in connection with or relating to this
Agreement or otherwise in connection with or relating to Employee s
employment with Employer (including any statutory claims), Employee s
carried interest participation (if applicable), Employee s equity incentive
awards in respect of The Carlyle Group Inc. (if applicable) and Employee s
personal coinvestments (if applicable) shall be settled by arbitration in
accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American
Arbitration Association (except as modified herein). No such arbitration
proceedings shall be commenced or conducted until at least 60 days after the
parties, in good faith, shall have attempted to resolve such dispute by mutual
agreement. The parties hereby agree to endeavor in good faith to resolve any
dispute by mutual agreement. If mutual agreement cannot be attained, any
disputing party, by written notice to the other ( Arbitration Notice ) may
commence arbitration proceedings. Such arbitration shall be conducted before
a single arbitrator mutually selected by the parties. A court of competent
jurisdiction shall appoint any arbitrator who has not been appointed within 60
days after the date of the Arbitration Notice. Judgment may include costs and
attorneys fees and may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
The arbitration shall be conducted in the Arbitration Location or such other
location as Employer and Employee may agree, in the English language and
all monetary awards shall be in Currency. Arbitration shall be the sole
method of resolving disputes not settled by mutual agreement. The
determination of the arbitrator shall be final, not subject to appeal, and binding
on all parties and may be enforced by appropriate judicial order of any court
of competent jurisdiction. The arbitration proceedings contemplated by this
Agreement shall be confidential and private to the maximum extent permitted
by law, and such confidentiality obligations shall be enforceable by
injunction.
b.Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of any claim or controversy
arising in connection with this Agreement for which the remedy is equitable
or injunctive relief, unless otherwise prohibited by law, the aggrieved party
shall be entitled to seek injunctive or other equitable relief from any court of
competent jurisdiction, including where necessary (i) to compel arbitration
(ii) to obtain interim measures of protection prior to or pending arbitration
(iii) to seek injunctive relief in the courts of any jurisdiction as may be
necessary and appropriate to protect the unauthorized disclosure of its

17

proprietary or confidential information, or to enforce the provisions of
Sections 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12 of this Agreement and (iv) to enforce any
decision of the arbitrator, including the final award.
17.Notice Period. Given the importance of Employee s position with Employer,
Employee s access to and use of Confidential Information (as defined herein) and the irreparable
harm that Employee s departure would likely cause Carlyle, its investor relationships and its
business opportunities, Employee agrees that if Employee resigns or retires from employment
with Employer in accordance with Section 6.c., Employee will provide Employer with advance
written notice of Employee s intent to so resign or retire of at least the number of months shown
on Attachment 2 hereto (determined based on Employee s corresponding title and level on the
date on which Employee notifies Employer of Employee s intent to so resign or retire) (the
 Notice Period ). During the Notice Period, Employee will remain an employee of Employer
and will not be free to begin an employment relationship with another Person, absent Employer s
authorized written consent. During the Notice Period, Employer shall continue to pay Employee
the Base Salary Amount at the rate then in effect in accordance with Employer s payroll policies.
During the Notice Period, Employee will be eligible to participate in Employer s benefit plans to
the extent permitted by such plans and applicable law. Employee will not otherwise be eligible to
receive any other compensation during the Notice Period. During the Notice Period, Employer
reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to (a) change or remove any or all of Employee s duties
(b) require Employee to remain away from the Employer s premises and or (c) take such other
action as determined by Employer to aid and assist in the transition process associated with
Employee s departure. During the Notice Period, Employee must continue to act in a manner
consistent with this Agreement and Employee s duty of loyalty and exclusivity to Employer.
Employer, in its sole discretion, may waive all or a portion of the Notice Period and or the
provisions of this Section 18 at any time and for any reason or for no reason. For the avoidance
of doubt, if Employer waives all or a portion of the Notice Period and or the provisions of this
Section 18, Employee shall not be entitled to any Base Salary Amount or continued participation
in Employer s benefit plans (except as otherwise provided by applicable law) for the portion of
the Notice Period that has been waived. To the extent Employer shortens or waives the Notice
Period, Employer shall also reduce the Non-Competition Period by the same amount of time.
18.Provisions. Employer shall receive the benefit of all provisions of this Agreement
on its own behalf and as trustee on behalf of all other relevant Carlyle entities and their portfolio
companies.
19.Defend Trade Secrets Act Disclosure. By Employee s signature to this
Agreement, Employee acknowledges that Employee has received and reviewed The Carlyle
Group s Whistleblower Policy, which is attached hereto as Attachment 3, and which, among
other things, provides written notice to Employee of certain immunity provided by the Defend
Trade Secrets Act, 18 U.S.C. 1833(b).
20.Notices. Any notice required or permitted to be given under this Agreement must
be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given and effective to the Employer when
sent by email and confirmed via telephone to the General Counsel or Chief Human Resources

18

Officer if to Employee, when sent by email to the business or personal email address on file
with the Employer and confirmed via telephone to the personal number on record with
Employer.
21.Withholding. All payments hereunder will be subject to withholding of
applicable federal, state and local income and employment taxes and other deductions, in each
case, as required by law or as elected by Employee.
22.At-Will Employment. Employee s employment with Employer will be on an at-
will basis, meaning that either Employee or Employer may terminate Employee s employment
at any time and for any reason or no reason, subject to Employer s or Employee s obligations
pursuant to Section 6 and Section 7. Further, Employee s continued employment, as well as
Employee s participation in any benefit programs does not assure Employee of continuing
employment with Employer. Employer also reserves the right to modify or amend the terms of
its benefit plans at any time for any reason. This policy of at-will employment is the entire
agreement as to the duration of Employee s employment and may only be modified upon an
express written approval of Carlyle.
23.No Assignment. Employer shall not, without Employee s consent, assign any of
Employer s rights, interests, obligations or entitlements under this Agreement to any Person
other than a commonly controlled affiliate of Employer in connection with an internal
reorganization of Carlyle. This Agreement will be binding on all successors and assigns of
Employer and Carlyle. Employee may not assign any of Employee s rights or obligations under
this Agreement.
24.Headings. The section headings in this Agreement are for convenience of
reference only and will in no event affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
25.Duration of Terms. The respective rights and obligations of the parties hereunder
will survive any termination of Employee s employment and the termination of the Term to the
extent necessary to give effect to such rights and obligations.
26.Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the documents and Attachments
referenced herein (a) constitute the entire agreement among Employer and Employee with
respect to the subject matter hereof (b) supersede any prior agreement or understanding among
or between them with respect to such subject matter, except any prior confidentiality agreement
or assignment of rights agreement Employee signed for the benefit of Employer or its affiliates
and (c) may not be amended except in a writing signed by both Employer and Employee.
27.Section 409A. The intent of the parties is that the payments and benefits that are
eligible to be received under this Agreement shall comply with or be exempt from the applicable
requirements of Section 409A, and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this
Agreement will be administered and interpreted in accordance with such intent. Each payment
made under this Agreement shall be designated as a separate payment within the meaning of
Section 409A. Except as permitted by Section 409A, (a) Employee s right to reimbursement or
in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, (b) the

19

amount of Employee s expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during
any taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to
be provided, in any other taxable year and (c) in no event shall any expenses be reimbursed after
the last day of the calendar year following the year in which Employee incurred such expenses.
In no event whatsoever shall Carlyle be liable for any tax, interest or penalties that may be
imposed on Employee by Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provisions of this Agreement to
the contrary, if Employee is a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A and
determined pursuant to any policies adopted by Carlyle consistent with Section 409A) at the time
of Employee s separation from service, and if any portion of the payments or benefits to be
received by Employee upon separation from service would be considered deferred compensation
under Section 409A and cannot be paid or provided to Employee without Employee incurring
taxes, interest or penalties under Section 409A, amounts that would otherwise be payable
pursuant to this Agreement and benefits that would otherwise be provided pursuant to this
Agreement, in each case, during the six-month period immediately following Employee s
separation from service will instead be paid or made available on the earlier of (a) the first
Business Day of the seventh month following the date of Employee s separation from service or
(b) Employee s death.
 Signature Page Follows

20

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Employer and Employee each have executed
this Agreement as of the Effective Date.

EMPLOYER

 THE CARLYLE GROUP EMPLOYEE CO., L.L.C.

 By s Bruce Larson

 Name Bruce M. Larson

 Title Chief Human Resources Officer

EMPLOYEE

 s Lindsay LoBue

 Lindsay LoBue

21

ATTACHMENT 1
APPENDIX OF KEY TERMS
This Appendix of Key Terms is considered a part of the employment agreement (the
 Employment Agreement ) to which it is attached for all purposes and is incorporated by
reference into the Employment Agreement. For purposes of the Employment Agreement, the
following terms shall have the meanings ascribed to them below
1. Agreement means the Employment Agreement between Employer and Employee that
is effective as of the Effective Date.
2. Arbitration Location means New York.
3. Arbitration Notice has the meaning given to it in Section 16.a. of the Employment
Agreement.
4. Base Salary Amount means $500,000 per annum in Currency.
5. Business Day means each day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which
banking institutions in New York, New York are authorized or required by law to close.
6. Carlyle means Carlyle Investment Management, L.L.C. and its affiliates collectively
operating under the trade name The Carlyle Group, which, for the avoidance of doubt,
includes Employer and its affiliates.
7. Cause has the meaning given to it in Section 6.b.ii. of the Employment Agreement.
8. Commencement Date means October 16, 2023.
9. Competing Investment Business has the meaning given to it in Section 11 of the
Employment Agreement.
10. Confidential Information has the meaning given to it in Section 8.b. of the Employment
Agreement.
11. Currency means USD.
12. Effective Date means September 28, 2023.
13. Employee means Lindsay LoBue.
14. Employer means The Carlyle Group Employee Co., L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability
company.
15. Good Reason has the meaning given to it in Section 6.c.i. of the Employment
Agreement.

22

16. Governing Jurisdiction means the State of New York.
17. Make-Whole Bonus Amount means $61,000 in Currency.
18. Non-Competition Period has the meaning given to it in Section 11 of the Employment
Agreement.
19. Notice Period has the meaning given to it in Section 17 of the Employment
Agreement.
20. Office Location means New York, New York.
21. Pension Code of Conduct has the meaning given to it in Section 2.e. of the
Employment Agreement.
22. Person means all natural persons, corporations, business trusts, associations,
companies, partnerships, joint ventures and other entities and governments and agencies
and political subdivisions.
23. Release has the meaning given to it in Section 7.b. of the Employment Agreement.
24. Section 409A means Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
and the regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder.
25. Term has the meaning given to it in Section 1 of the Employment Agreement.
26. Title means Managing Director - Partner, Level 10.
27. 2023 Guaranteed Bonus Amount means $1,000,000 in Currency, which represents a
full year amount and will be prorated upon confirmed Commencement Date to reflect actual
months worked. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Commencement Date is October 16, 2023,
the 2023 Guaranteed Bonus Amount will be $211,000.
28. 2024 Guaranteed Bonus Amount means a minimum of $1,000,000 in Currency.