EX-5.1
5
d88262dex51.htm
EX-5.1

EX-5.1

 Exhibit 5.1

Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP

1285 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10019-6064

November 7, 2025

 Apollo Global Management, Inc.

 9 West 57th Street, 42nd Floor

 New York, New York 10019

 Registration Statement on Form S-3ASR (File
No. 333-271275)

 Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as counsel to (i) Apollo Global Management, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), (ii) Apollo
Asset Management, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporate Guarantor ), and (iii) each of the entities listed on Schedule I hereto (collectively, the Limited Partnership Guarantors and, together with
the Corporate Guarantor, the Guarantors ) in connection with the Registration Statement on Form S-3ASR (File No. 333-271275) (the
 Registration Statement ), which became effective on April 14, 2023. You have asked us to furnish our opinion as to the legality of (a) $400,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Company s 4.600% Senior Notes due
2031 (the 2031 Notes ) and (b) $350,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Company s 5.150% Senior Notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes and, together with the 2031 Notes, the Notes ),
including the guarantees endorsed thereon (the Guarantees ) which are registered under the Registration Statement and which are being sold today pursuant to an Underwriting Agreement, dated November 5, 2025 (the
 Underwriting Agreement ), by and among BofA Securities, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the underwriters named on Schedule I thereto (the
 Underwriters ), the Company and the Guarantors.

 The 2031 Notes and the related Guarantees are to be issued under an
indenture, dated as of the date hereof (the 2031 Indenture ), by and among the Company, the Guarantors and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee (the Trustee ), and pursuant to resolutions
adopted by the Company s board of directors on October 29, 2025, the board of directors of the Corporate Guarantor on October 29, 2025, and the general partner of each Limited Partnership Guarantor on November 4, 2025. The 2035
Notes and the related Guarantees are to be issued under the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of the date hereof, among the Company, the Guarantors and the Trustee (the Supplemental Indenture ), to the Indenture, dated as of
August 12, 2025, among the Company, the Guarantors and the Trustee (the Existing Indenture , and as amended by the Supplemental Indenture, the 2035 Indenture , and together with the 2031 Indenture, the
 Indentures , and each, an Indenture ) and pursuant to resolutions adopted by the Company s board of directors on October 29, 2025, the board of directors of the Corporate Guarantor on
October 29, 2025, and the general partner of each Limited Partnership Guarantor on November 4, 2025.

PAUL, WEISS, RIFKIND, WHARTON & GARRISON LLP

2
 Apollo Global Management, Inc.

 In connection with the furnishing of this opinion, we have examined originals, or copies
certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of the following documents:

 1. the Registration Statement;

2. the preliminary prospectus supplement dated November 5, 2025 (the Preliminary Prospectus );

3. the final term sheet dated November 5, 2025 set forth on Schedule III to the Underwriting Agreement;

4. the final prospectus supplement dated November 5, 2025 (the Final Prospectus );

5. the Underwriting Agreement;

6. the Indentures; and

 7. the
form of Notes of each series to be issued on the date of this letter (including the Guarantees related thereto).

 In addition, we have
examined (i) such corporate records of (a) the Company as we have considered appropriate, including a copy of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the amended and restated bylaws of the Company, certified by the
Company as in effect on the date hereof, and copies of resolutions of the board of directors of the Company relating to the issuance of the Securities certified by the Company, and (b) the Corporate Guarantor as we have considered appropriate,
including a copy of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the amended and restated bylaws of the Corporate Guarantor, certified by the Corporate Guarantor as in effect on the date hereof, and copies of resolutions of the board of
directors of the Corporate Guarantor relating to the issuance of the Guarantees certified by the Corporate Guarantor; (ii) such limited partnership records of each Limited Partnership Guarantor as we have considered appropriate, including a
copy of the certificate of limited partnership, as amended, and limited partnership agreement, as amended, of each Limited Partnership Guarantor, certified by the general partner of each Limited Partnership Guarantor as in effect on the date hereof,
and copies of resolutions of the general partner of each Limited Partnership Guarantor relating to the issuance of the Guarantees by the Limited Partnership Guarantors, certified by the general partner of each Limited Partnership Guarantor; and
(iii) such other certificates, agreements and documents as we deemed relevant and necessary as a basis for the opinions expressed below.

PAUL, WEISS, RIFKIND, WHARTON & GARRISON LLP

3
 Apollo Global Management, Inc.

 We have also relied upon oral and written statements of officers and representatives of the
Company and the Guarantors, the representations and warranties of the Company and the Guarantors made in the Underwriting Agreement as to factual matters and upon certificates of public officials and the officers of the Company.

In our examination of the documents referred to above, we have assumed, without independent investigation, the genuineness of all signatures,
the legal capacity of all individuals who have executed any of the documents reviewed by us, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity to the originals of all documents submitted to us as certified, photostatic,
reproduced or conformed copies of valid existing agreements or other documents, the authenticity of all such latter documents and that the statements regarding matters of fact in the certificates, records, agreements, instruments and documents that
we have examined are accurate and complete.

 Based upon the above, and subject to the stated assumptions, exceptions and qualifications,
we are of the opinion that:

 1. The Notes of each series, when duly authenticated by the Trustee, and duly issued and delivered by the
Company against payment as provided in the Underwriting Agreement, will constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except that the enforceability of the Notes of
each series may be subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance or transfer, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether
enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

 2. When the Notes of each series are duly issued and delivered by the
Company against payment as provided in the Underwriting Agreement, each applicable Guarantee of each Guarantor will constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Guarantor, enforceable against each Guarantor in accordance with its terms,
except that the enforceability of each such Guarantee may be subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance or transfer, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general
principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

 The opinions expressed above
are limited to the laws of the State of New York, the Delaware General Corporation Law, the Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act of the State of Delaware and the federal laws of the United States of America. Our opinions are rendered only with
respect to the laws, and the rules, regulations and orders under those laws, that are currently in effect.

PAUL, WEISS, RIFKIND, WHARTON & GARRISON LLP

4
 Apollo Global Management, Inc.

 We hereby consent to use of this opinion as an exhibit to the Registration Statement and to
the use of our name under the heading Legal Matters in the base prospectus included in the Registration Statement and in the Final Prospectus. In giving this consent, we do not hereby admit that we come within the category of persons
whose consent is required by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP

PAUL, WEISS, RIFKIND, WHARTON & GARRISON LLP

PAUL, WEISS, RIFKIND, WHARTON & GARRISON LLP

5

 Schedule I

 Limited Partnership Guarantor

 Jurisdiction of Formation

Apollo Principal Holdings A, L.P.

Delaware

Apollo Principal Holdings B, L.P.

Delaware

Apollo Principal Holdings C, L.P.

Delaware

AMH Holdings (Delaware), L.P.

Delaware

Apollo Management Holdings, L.P.

Delaware