EX-4.2
4
d92535dex42.htm
EX-4.2

EX-4.2

 Exhibit 4.2

 FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

 Dated as of September 19, 2025

Supplementing that Certain

INDENTURE

 Dated as of
September 19, 2025

Among

 THE CARLYLE GROUP INC.,

 THE GUARANTOR PARTIES HERETO

and

 THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON
TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,

 as Trustee

5.050% Senior Notes due 2035

 TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I ISSUANCE OF SECURITIES

1

 SECTION 1.1

Issuance of Notes; Principal Amount; Maturity; Title

1

 SECTION 1.2

Interest

2

 SECTION 1.3

Relationship with Base Indenture

3

ARTICLE II DEFINITIONS AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF GENERAL APPLICATION

3

 SECTION 2.1

Definitions

3

ARTICLE III SECURITY FORMS

7

 SECTION 3.1

Form Generally

7

 SECTION 3.2

Form of Note

8

ARTICLE IV REMEDIES

17

 SECTION 4.1

Events of Default

17

 SECTION 4.2

Waiver of Past Defaults

17

ARTICLE V REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES

17

 SECTION 5.1

Optional Redemption

17

 SECTION 5.2

Base Indenture

18

ARTICLE VI PARTICULAR COVENANTS

18

 SECTION 6.1

Liens

18

 SECTION 6.2

Obligation to Offer to Repurchase Upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event

18

 SECTION 6.3

Financial Reports

20

ARTICLE VII SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES

21

 SECTION 7.1

Supplemental Indentures without Consent of Holders of the Notes

21

 SECTION 7.2

Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Holders of the Notes

21

ARTICLE VIII DEFEASANCE

22

 SECTION 8.1

Covenant Defeasance

22

ARTICLE IX MISCELLANEOUS

23

 SECTION 9.1

Execution as Supplemental Indenture

23

 SECTION 9.2

Not Responsible for Recitals or Issuance of Notes

23

 SECTION 9.3

Separability Clause

23

 -i-

 TABLE OF CONTENTS

(continued)

Page

 SECTION 9.4

Successors and Assigns

23

 SECTION 9.5

Execution and Counterparts

23

 SECTION 9.6

Electronic Signatures

23

 SECTION 9.7

Governing Law

24

 SECTION 9.8

FATCA

24

 SECTION 9.9

OFAC Sanctions

24

 SECTION 9.10

Electronic Instructions

24

 -ii-

 This First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 19, 2025 (the First
Supplemental Indenture ), among The Carlyle Group Inc., a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, having its principal office at 1001 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, District of Columbia 20004
(the Company ), the Guarantors party hereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee under the Base Indenture (as hereinafter defined) and hereunder (the Trustee ), supplements that
certain Indenture, dated as of September 19, 2025, among the Company, the Guarantors named therein and the Trustee (the Base Indenture and subject to Section 1.3 hereof, together with this First Supplemental Indenture,
the Indenture ).

 RECITALS OF THE COMPANY

The Company and the Guarantors have heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee the Base Indenture providing for the issuance from time
to time of one or more series of the Company s senior unsecured debt securities (herein and in the Base Indenture called the Securities ), the forms and terms of which are to be determined as set forth in Sections 2.01 and
3.01 of the Base Indenture, and the Guarantees thereof by the Guarantors;

 Section 9.01 of the Base Indenture provides, among other
things, that the Company, the Guarantors and the Trustee may enter into indentures supplemental to the Base Indenture for, among other things, the purposes of (a) establishing the form or terms of Securities of any series as permitted by
Sections 2.01 and 3.01 of the Base Indenture and (b) adding to or changing any of the provisions to the Base Indenture in certain circumstances;

The Company desires to create a series of Securities designated as its 5.050% Senior Notes due 2035 pursuant to the terms of
this First Supplemental Indenture;

 The Company has duly authorized the execution and delivery of this First Supplemental Indenture and
the Notes to be issued from time to time, as provided for in the Indenture;

 Each Guarantor has duly authorized its Guarantee of the Notes
and to provide therefor each Guarantor has duly authorized the execution and delivery of this First Supplemental Indenture;

 All things
necessary have been done to make this First Supplemental Indenture a valid and legally binding agreement of the Company, in accordance with its terms and to make the Notes, when executed by the Company and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee
under the Indenture and duly issued by the Company, the valid and legally binding obligations of the Company; and

 All things necessary
have been done to make the Guarantees, upon execution and delivery of this First Supplemental Indenture, the valid and legally binding obligations of each Guarantor and to make this First Supplemental Indenture a valid and legally binding agreement
of each Guarantor, in accordance with its terms.

 ARTICLE I

ISSUANCE OF SECURITIES

SECTION 1.1 Issuance of Notes; Principal Amount; Maturity; Title.

(1) On September 19, 2025, the Company shall issue and deliver to the Trustee, and the Trustee shall authenticate, the Initial Notes
substantially in the form set forth in Section 3.2 below, in each case with such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations as are required or permitted

 1

by the Base Indenture and this First Supplemental Indenture, and with such letters, numbers, or other marks of identification and such legends or endorsements placed thereon as may be required to
comply with applicable tax laws or the rules of any securities exchange or Depositary therefor or as may, consistently herewith, be determined by the Officer executing such Notes, as evidenced by the execution of such Notes.

(2) The Initial Notes to be issued pursuant to the Indenture shall be issued in the aggregate principal amount of $800,000,000 and shall
mature on September 19, 2035 (the Stated Maturity ), unless the Notes are redeemed prior to that date as described in Section 5.1. The aggregate principal amount of Initial Notes Outstanding at any time may not exceed
$800,000,000, except for Notes issued, authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of, other Notes of the series pursuant to Sections 3.04, 3.05, 3.06, 9.06 or 11.07 of the Base Indenture and except
for any Notes which, pursuant to Section 3.03 of the Base Indenture, are deemed never to have been authenticated and delivered. The Company may without the consent of the Holders, issue additional Notes as part of the same series and on the
same terms and conditions (and having the same Guarantors) and with the same CUSIP numbers and ISIN numbers as the Initial Notes ( Additional Notes ), but such Additional Notes may be offered at a different offering price or have
a different issue date, initial interest accrual or initial Interest Payment Date; provided that if any Additional Notes are not fungible with the Initial Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such Additional Notes shall not have the same
CUSIP or ISIN numbers as the Initial Notes.

 (3) The Notes shall be issued only in fully registered form without coupons in minimum
denominations of $2,000 and any integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof.

 (4) Pursuant to the terms hereof and Sections 2.01 and
3.01 of the Base Indenture, the Company hereby creates a series of Securities designated as the 5.050% Senior Notes due 2035 of the Company (as amended or supplemented from time to time, that are issued under the Indenture, including
both the Initial Notes and the Additional Notes, if any, the Notes ), which Notes shall be deemed Securities for all purposes under the Base Indenture.

SECTION 1.2 Interest.

(1) Interest on a Note will accrue at the per annum rate of 5.050%, from and including the date specified on the face of such Note to, but
excluding, the date on which the principal thereof is paid, deemed paid, or made available for payment and, in each case, will be paid on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months.

 (2) The Company shall pay interest on the Notes semi-annually in arrears on
March 19 and September 19 of each year (each, an Interest Payment Date ), commencing March 19, 2026.

(3) Interest shall be paid on each Interest Payment Date to the registered Holders of the Notes after the close of business on the Regular
Record Date.

 (4) Amounts due on the Stated Maturity or earlier Redemption Date of the Notes will be payable at the Corporate Trust Office
of the Trustee. The Company shall make payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest or the Repurchase Price in connection with a Change of Control Repurchase Event in respect of the Notes in book-entry form to DTC in immediately available
funds, while disbursement of such payments to owners of beneficial interests in Notes in book-entry form will be made in accordance with the procedures of DTC and its participants in effect from time to time. The Company may at any time designate
additional Paying Agents or rescind the designation of any Paying Agent or approve a change in the office through which any Paying Agent acts, except that the Company shall be required to maintain a Paying Agent in each Place of Payment for the
Notes. Neither the Company nor the Trustee shall impose any service charge for any transfer or exchange of a Note. However, the Company may require Holders of the Notes to pay any taxes or other governmental charges in connection with a transfer or
exchange of Notes.

 2

 (5) If any Interest Payment Date, Stated Maturity, or earlier Redemption Date or Repurchase
Price Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day in The City of New York, the Company shall make the required payment of principal, premium, if any, and/or interest or Repurchase Price in connection with a Change of Control Repurchase
Event on the next succeeding Business Day as if it were made on the date payment was due, and no interest will accrue on the amount so payable for the period from and after that Interest Payment Date, Stated Maturity or earlier Redemption Date or
Repurchase Price Payment Date, as the case may be, to such next succeeding Business Day.

 SECTION 1.3 Relationship with Base
Indenture.

 The terms and provisions contained in the Base Indenture will constitute, and are hereby expressly made, a part of
this First Supplemental Indenture. However, to the extent any provision of the Base Indenture conflicts with the express provisions of this First Supplemental Indenture, the provisions of this First Supplemental Indenture will govern and be
controlling.

 ARTICLE II

DEFINITIONS AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF GENERAL APPLICATION

SECTION 2.1 Definitions.

For all purposes of this First Supplemental Indenture (except as herein otherwise expressly provided or unless the context of this First
Supplemental Indenture otherwise requires):

 (1) any reference to an Article or a Section refers to an Article
or a Section, as the case may be, of this First Supplemental Indenture;

 (2) the words herein, hereof and
 hereunder and other words of similar import refer to this First Supplemental Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision;

(3) including means including without limitation; and

(4) unless otherwise provided, references to agreements and other instruments shall be deemed to include all amendments and other
modifications to such agreements and instruments, but only to the extent such amendments and other modifications are not prohibited by the terms of this Indenture.

The terms defined in this Section 2.1 (except as herein otherwise expressly provided or unless the context of this First Supplemental
Indenture otherwise requires) for all purposes of this First Supplemental Indenture and of any indenture supplemental hereto have the respective meanings specified or as referenced in this Section 2.1. All other terms used in this First
Supplemental Indenture that are defined in the Base Indenture, either directly or by reference therein (except as herein otherwise expressly provided or unless the context of this First Supplemental Indenture otherwise requires), have the respective
meanings assigned to such terms in the Base Indenture, as in force at the date of this First Supplemental Indenture as originally executed; provided that any term that is defined in both the Base Indenture and this First Supplemental
Indenture shall have the meaning assigned to such term in this First Supplemental Indenture.

 Additional Notes has
the meaning specified in Section 1.1(2).

 3

 Applicable Procedures means, with respect to any transfer or
transaction involving a Global Security or beneficial interest therein, the rules and procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, in each case to the extent applicable to such transaction and as in effect from time to time.

 Below Investment Grade Rating Event means the rating on the Notes is lowered in respect of a Change of Control and the
Notes are rated below Investment Grade by both Rating Agencies on any date from the date of the public notice of an arrangement that could result in a Change of Control until the end of the 60-day period
following public notice of the occurrence of a Change of Control (which period shall be extended until the ratings are announced if during such 60 day period the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for possible downgrade by
either of the Rating Agencies); provided that a Below Investment Grade Rating Event otherwise arising by virtue of a particular reduction in rating shall not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control (and thus
shall not be deemed a Below Investment Grade Rating Event for purposes of the definition of Change of Control Repurchase Event hereunder) if the Rating Agencies making the reduction in rating to which this definition would otherwise apply do not
announce or publicly confirm or inform the Company in writing at its request that the reduction was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised of or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of
Control (whether or not the applicable Change of Control shall have occurred at the time of the Below Investment Grade Rating Event).

 Change of Control means the occurrence of the following:

1.
 the direct or indirect sale, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or
consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the properties and assets of the Credit Group to any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act or any successor
provision), other than to a Continuing Carlyle Entity; or

2.
 the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of
which is that any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act or any successor provision), other than a Continuing Carlyle Entity, becomes (A) the beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act or any successor provision) of a controlling interest in (i) the Company or (ii) one or more Credit Parties comprising all or substantially all of the assets of the Credit
Group and (B) entitled to receive a Majority Economic Interest in connection with such transaction.

 Change of Control Offer has the meaning specified in Section 6.2(1).

 Change of Control Repurchase Event means the occurrence of a Change of Control and a Below Investment Grade Rating Event.

 Clearstream means Clearstream Banking, S.A.

 Commission means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor entity.

 Continuing Carlyle Entity means any entity that, immediately prior to and immediately following any relevant date of
determination, is directly or indirectly controlled by one or more Managing Directors or other personnel of the Company and/or its subsidiaries who, as of any date of determination (i) each has devoted substantially all of his or her business
and professional time to the activities of the Company and/or its Subsidiaries during the 12-month period immediately preceding such date and (ii) directly or indirectly control a majority of the shares
of common stock (or other similar interests) of the Company or any successor entity entitled to vote generally in the election of directors.

 4

 Covenant Defeasance has the meaning specified in Section 8.1.

 DTC means The Depository Trust Company, a New York corporation.

 Electronic Means shall mean the following communications methods: e-mail, secure
electronic transmission containing applicable authorization codes, passwords and/or authentication keys issued by the Trustee, or another method or system specified by the Trustee as available for use in connection with its services hereunder.

 Euroclear means Euroclear Bank, SA/NV.

 Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 4.1.

 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

 FATCA shall mean Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code (or any regulations or agreements thereunder or
official interpretations thereof) or any intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any law implementing such an intergovernmental agreement).

 FATCA Withholding Tax shall mean any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in
Section 1471(b) of the Internal Revenue Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to FATCA.

 Fitch means Fitch Ratings
Inc. or any successor thereto.

 Initial Notes means Notes in an aggregate principal amount of up to $800,000,000
initially issued under this First Supplemental Indenture in accordance with Section 1.1(2).

 Interest Payment
Date has the meaning specified in Section 1.2(2).

 Internal Revenue Code means the U.S. Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.

 Investment Grade means a rating of BBB- or better by Fitch (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of Fitch) and BBB- or better by S&P (or its equivalent under any successor rating
categories of S&P) (or, in each case, if such Rating Agency ceases to rate the Notes for reasons outside of the Company s control, the equivalent investment grade credit rating from any Rating Agency selected by the Company as a
replacement Rating Agency).

 Majority Economic Interest means any right or entitlement to receive more than 50% of
the equity distributions or partner allocations (whether such right or entitlement results from the ownership of partner or other equity interests, securities, instruments or agreements of any kind) made to all holders of partner or other equity
interests in the Credit Group (other than entities within the Credit Group).

 Notes has the meaning specified in
Section 1.1(4).

 Par Call Date means June 19, 2035.

 5

 Permitted Liens means (a) liens on voting stock or profit
participating equity interests of any Subsidiary existing at the time such entity becomes a direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Company or is merged into a direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Company (provided such liens are not created or
incurred in connection with such transaction and do not extend to any other Subsidiary), (b) statutory liens, liens for taxes or assessments or governmental liens not yet due or delinquent or which can be paid without penalty or are being contested
in good faith, (c) other liens of a similar nature as those described above and (d) liens securing indebtedness for money borrowed in an aggregate amount outstanding at any one time not to exceed $1.25 billion.

 Rating Agency means:

1.
 each of Fitch and S&P; and

2.
 if either of Fitch or S&P ceases to rate the Notes or fails to make a rating of the Notes publicly
available for reasons outside of the Company s control, a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act selected by the Company as a replacement agency for
Fitch or S&P, or both, as the case may be.

 Registrar means the Security Registrar for the
Notes, which shall initially be The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., or any successor entity thereof, subject to replacement as set forth in the Base Indenture.

 Regular Record Date for interest payable in respect of any Note on any Interest Payment Date means the March 4 or
September 4, as applicable, immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date (whether or not a Business Day).

 Repurchase Price has the meaning specified in Section 6.2(1).

 Repurchase Price Payment Date has the meaning specified in Section 6.2(3)(iii).

 S&P means S&P Global Ratings a division of S&P Global Inc. and its successors.

 Stated Maturity has the meaning specified in Section 1.1(2).

 Treasury Rate means, with respect to any Redemption Date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the
following two paragraphs.

 The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as
yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such
time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) H.15 (or any successor designation or publication)
( H.15 ) under the caption U.S. government securities Treasury constant maturities Nominal (or any successor caption or heading) ( H.15 TCM ). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall
select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date for the notes being redeemed (the Remaining Life ); or (2) if there is
no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant
maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or
(3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable
Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date.

 6

 If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published,
the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date of the United States
Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date of the Notes being redeemed, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States
Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury
security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the
Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at
11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked
prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places.

The Company s actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent
manifest error.

 ARTICLE III

SECURITY FORMS

 SECTION 3.1
Form Generally.

 (1) The Notes shall be in substantially the form set forth in Section 3.2 of this Article III, with
such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations as are required or permitted by the Base Indenture and this First Supplemental Indenture, and may have such letters, numbers or other marks of identification and such legends
or endorsements placed thereon as may be required to comply with applicable tax laws or the rules of any securities exchange or Depositary therefor or as may, consistent herewith, be determined by the Officer executing such Notes, as evidenced by
the execution thereof. All Notes shall be in fully registered form. The Trustee may authenticate the Notes by manual or electronic signature (including, without limitation, DocuSign and AdobeSign); provided, however, that any electronic
signature is a true representation of such signatory s actual signature

 (2) The Notes shall be printed, lithographed or engraved on
steel engraved borders or may be produced in any other manner, all as determined by the Officer of the Company executing such Notes, as evidenced by the execution of such Notes.

(3) Upon their original issuance, the Notes shall be issued in the form of one or more Global Securities in definitive, fully registered form
without interest coupons. Each such Global Security shall be duly executed by the Company, authenticated and delivered by the Trustee and shall be registered in the name of DTC, as Depositary, or its nominee, and deposited with the Trustee, as
custodian for DTC. Beneficial interests in the Global Securities will be shown on, and transfers will only be made through, the records maintained by DTC and its participants and indirect participants, including the Clearstream and Euroclear System.

 7

 SECTION 3.2 Form of Note.

[FORM OF FACE OF NOTE]

 [THE
FOLLOWING LEGEND SHALL APPEAR ON THE FACE OF EACH GLOBAL

 SECURITY:

THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO ON THE REVERSE HEREOF. TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY
SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY ( DTC ) OR ITS NOMINEE OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR S NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE
LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO ON THE REVERSE HEREOF.]

 [THE
FOLLOWING LEGEND SHALL APPEAR ON THE FACE OF EACH GLOBAL

 SECURITY FOR WHICH DTC IS TO BE THE DEPOSITARY:

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE
OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS REQUESTED BY
AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.]

 8

 THE CARLYLE GROUP INC.

5.050% SENIOR NOTE DUE 2035

No._________

Principal Amount (US)$ _________

 CUSIP NO. ________

ISIN. _________

 The Carlyle Group Inc., a
corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (herein called the Company , which term includes any successor Person under the First Supplemental Indenture referred to on the reverse hereof), for
value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns, the principal sum of United States Dollars (U.S.$ ) on September 19, 2035 and to pay interest thereon, from September 19, 2025, or from the most recent
Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date, which shall be March 19 and September 19 of each year, commencing March 19, 2026, at the per annum rate of
5.050%, or as such rate may be adjusted pursuant to the terms hereof, per annum, until the principal hereof is paid or made available for payment.

The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in the First Supplemental
Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Note is registered at the close of business on the applicable Regular Record Date for such Interest Payment Date. Except as otherwise provided in the First Supplemental Indenture, any such interest
not so punctually paid or duly provided for will forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on such Regular Record Date and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Note is registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date for
the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by the Trustee, notice of which shall be given to Holders of the Notes not less than 10 days prior to the Special Record Date, or be paid at any time in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with
the requirements of any securities exchange on which such Notes may be listed, all as more fully provided in the Indenture. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months.

 Payment of principal of, and premium, if any, and interest on this Note and the
Repurchase Price in connection with a Change of Control Repurchase Event will be made at the Corporate Trust Office, in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment shall be legal tender for the payment of public
and private debts. With respect to Global Securities, the Company will make such payments by wire transfer of immediately available funds to DTC, or its nominee, as registered owner of the Global Securities. With respect to certificated Notes, the
Company will make such payments by wire transfer of immediately available funds to a United States Dollar account maintained in New York, New York to each Holder of an aggregate principal amount of Notes in excess of U.S. $5,000,000 that has
furnished wire instructions in writing to the Trustee no later than 15 days prior to the relevant payment date. If a Holder of a certificated Note (i) does not furnish such wire instructions as provided in the preceding sentence or
(ii) holds U.S. $5,000,000 or less aggregate principal amount of Notes, the Company will make such payments by mailing a check to such Holder s registered address.

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all
purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place.

 Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the
Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual or electronic signature (including, without limitation, DocuSign and AdobeSign); provided, however, that any electronic signature is a true representation of such signatory s actual
signature, this Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

 9

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed.

THE CARLYLE GROUP INC., as Company

By:

Name:

Title:

 10

 CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

Dated:

 THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

 TRUST
COMPANY, N.A., as Trustee

By:

Authorized Signatory

 11

 [FORM OF REVERSE OF NOTE]

1. Indenture. This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of securities of the Company designated as its 5.050% Senior Notes due
2035 (herein called the Notes ), issued under a First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 19, 2025 (the First Supplemental Indenture ), to an Indenture, dated as of September 19,
2025 (as it may be amended or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof, the Base Indenture and herein with the First Supplemental Indenture, collectively, the Indenture ), among the
Company, the Guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (herein called the Trustee, which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), to which reference is hereby made
for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Guarantors, the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes and of the terms upon which the Notes are, and are to be, authenticated and
delivered. The aggregate principal amount of Initial Notes Outstanding at any time may not exceed $800,000,000 in aggregate principal amount, except for, or in lieu of other Notes of the series pursuant to Sections 3.04, 3.05, 3.06, 9.06 or 11.07 of
the Base Indenture and except for any Notes which, pursuant to Section 3.03 of the Base Indenture, are deemed never to have been authenticated and delivered. The First Supplemental Indenture pursuant to which this Note is issued provides that
Additional Notes may be issued thereunder.

 All terms used in this Note which are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings
assigned to them in the Indenture. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between this Note and the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall govern.

2. Optional Redemption. Prior to June 19, 2035, the Company may, at its option, redeem all or a part of the Notes upon not more
than 60 nor less than 10 days prior notice, at a redemption price in cash equal to the greater of:

 (1) 100% of the principal amount of any
Notes being redeemed, and

 (2) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the
Notes to be redeemed discounted to the Redemption Date on a semiannual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 20
basis points less (b) interest accrued to the Redemption Date,

 plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest on the principal
amount of the Notes being redeemed to, but excluding, the Redemption Date.

 On or after June 19, 2035, the Company may, at its
option, redeem all or a part of the Notes upon not more than 60 nor less than 10 days prior notice, at a redemption price in cash equal to 100% of the principal amount of any Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but
excluding, the Redemption Date.

 Any notice of any redemption may, at the Company s discretion, be subject to one or more conditions
precedent, including, but not limited to, completion of a securities offering or other corporate transaction.

 3. Change of Control
Repurchase Event. If a Change of Control Repurchase Event occurs, unless the Company has exercised its option to redeem the Notes, the Company will make an offer to each Holder of Notes to repurchase all or any part (each new note will be in a
minimum principal amount of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof) of that Holder s Notes at a repurchase price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes, plus any accrued and unpaid interest, if
any, pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.2 of the First Supplemental Indenture.

 12

 4. Global Security. If this Note is a Global Security, then, in the event of a
deposit or withdrawal of an interest in this Note, including an exchange, transfer, redemption, repurchase or conversion of this Note in part only, the Trustee, as custodian of the Depositary, shall make an adjustment on its records to reflect such
deposit or withdrawal in accordance with the Applicable Procedures.

 5. Defaults and Remedies. If an Event of Default shall occur
and be continuing, the principal of all the Notes may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. Upon payment of the amount of principal, premium, if any, and interest so declared due and payable, all
obligations of the Company in respect of the payment of the principal of and any premium or interest on the Notes shall terminate.

 No
Holder of Notes shall have any right to institute any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to the Indenture, or for the appointment of a receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator or sequestrator (or similar official) or for any other remedy
hereunder (except actions for payment of overdue principal of, and premium, if any, or interest on such Notes in accordance with its terms), unless (i) such Holder has previously given written notice to a Responsible Officer of the Trustee of
an Event of Default and the continuance thereto with respect to the Notes, specifying an Event of Default, as required under the Indenture; (ii) the Holders of not less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes shall have
made written request to the Trustee to institute proceedings in respect of such Event of Default in its own name as Trustee under the Indenture; (iii) such Holder or Holders have offered to the Trustee indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it
against the costs, expenses and liabilities to be incurred in compliance with such request; (iv) the Trustee has failed to institute any such proceeding for 60 days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity; and
(v) no direction inconsistent with such written request has been given to the Trustee during such 60-day period by the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes, it
being understood and intended that no one or more of such Holders shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue of, or by availing of, any provision of the Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other of such Holders, or
to obtain or to seek to obtain priority or preference over any other of such Holders or to enforce any right under the Indenture, except in the manner provided in the Indenture and for the equal and ratable benefit of all of such Holders.

The foregoing shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Holder of this Note for the enforcement of any payment of principal of, and
premium, if any, or interest hereon, on or after the respective due dates expressed herein.

 6. Amendment, Supplement and Waiver.
The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Notes under the Indenture at any time by the Company and
the Trustee with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in aggregate principal amount
of the Outstanding Notes, on behalf of the Holders of all the Notes, to waive compliance by the Company with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the
Holder of this Note shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof whether or not notation of such
consent or waiver is made upon this Note or such other Note. Certain modifications or amendments to the Indenture require the consent of the Holder of each Outstanding Note affected.

 13

 No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall
alter or impair (without the consent of the Holder hereof) the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on this Note at the times, places and rate, and in the coin or
currency, herein prescribed.

 7. Registration and Transfer. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein
set forth, the transfer of this Note is registerable on the Security Register. Upon surrender for registration of transfer of this Note at the office or agency of the Company in a Place of Payment, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee shall
authenticate and deliver, in the name of the designated transferee or transferees, one or more new Notes of any authorized denominations and of like tenor and principal amount. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein
set forth, at the option of the Holder, this Note may be exchanged for one or more new Notes of any authorized denominations and of like tenor and principal amount, upon surrender of this Note at such office or agency. Upon such surrender by the
Holder, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, in the name of the designated transferee or transferees, one or more new Notes of any authorized denominations and of like tenor and principal amount. Every Note
presented or surrendered for registration of transfer or for exchange shall be duly endorsed (if so required by the Company or the Trustee), or be accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security
Registrar duly executed, by the Holder thereof or such Holder s attorney duly authorized in writing. No service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to
cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection therewith.

 Prior to due presentment of this Note for
registration of transfer, the Company, the Guarantors, the Trustee and any agent of the Company, a Guarantor or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name such Note is registered as the owner thereof for all purposes, whether or not such Note be
overdue, and neither the Company, the Guarantors, the Trustee nor any agent of the Company, a Guarantor or the Trustee shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

8. Guarantee. As expressly set forth in the Base Indenture, payment of this Note is jointly and severally and fully and unconditionally
guaranteed by the Guarantors that have become and continue to be Guarantors pursuant to the Indenture. Guarantors may be released from their obligations under the Indenture and their Guarantees under the circumstances specified in the Base
Indenture.

 9. Electronic Signatures. Notwithstanding anything in the Indenture or this Note to the contrary, the words
 execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in this Note or in any other certificate, agreement or document related to this Note, including, without limitation, the Indenture, shall include images
of manually executed signatures transmitted by other electronic format (including, without limitation, pdf , tif or jpg ) and other electronic signatures (including, without limitation, DocuSign and
AdobeSign), so long as any electronic signature is a true representation of such signatory s actual signature. The use of electronic signatures and electronic records (including, without limitation, any contract or other record created,
generated, sent, communicated, received, or stored by electronic means) shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based record-keeping system to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, and any other applicable law, including, without limitation, any state law based on the
Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or the Uniform Commercial Code.

 14

 10. Governing Law. THE INDENTURE, THIS SECURITY AND THE GUARANTEES SHALL BE
GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. THE COMPANY, THE GUARANTORS AND THE TRUSTEE AGREE THAT ANY LEGAL SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE INDENTURE, AND THE COMPANY, THE
GUARANTORS AND HOLDERS OF THE SECURITIES BY PURCHASE OF THEIR SECURITY AGREE THAT ANY LEGAL SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE SECURITIES, MAY BE INSTITUTED, BROUGHT AND ENFORCED IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK (OR, OTHER THAN WITH RESPECT TO A CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IF SUCH COURT DOES NOT HAVE JURISDICTION OVER SUCH ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING, THE SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK COUNTY (COMMERCIAL
DIVISION) IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK), WHICH WILL BE THE EXCLUSIVE FORUM FOR ANY SUCH ACTIONS, SUITS OR PROCEEDINGS, EXCEPT THAT ANY ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING ASSERTING A CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT MAY
ALSO BE BROUGHT AND ENFORCED IN ANY FEDERAL DISTRICT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES, WHICH WILL BE THE EXCLUSIVE FORUM FOR SUCH ACTIONS, SUITS OR PROCEEDINGS. THE COMPANY, THE GUARANTORS AND THE HOLDERS OF THE SECURITIES BY PURCHASE OF THEIR SECURITY
WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE CONSENTED TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND HAVE WAIVED ANY OBJECTION THAT SUCH COURTS REPRESENT AN INCONVENIENT FORUM FOR ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING.

ABBREVIATIONS

 The following
abbreviations, when used in the inscription of the face of this Note, shall be construed as though they were written out in full according to applicable laws or regulations:

 TEN COM (= tenant in common)

 TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties (Cust))

 JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common)

 UNIF GIFT MIN ACT (= under Uniform Gifts to Minors Act )

 Additional abbreviations may also be used though not in the above list.

 15

 SCHEDULE OF INCREASES OR DECREASES IN THE GLOBAL NOTE *

The following increases or decreases in the principal amount of this Global Note have been made:

 Date of
Increase or
Decrease

Amount of
decrease in
Principal Amount
at maturity of
this Global Note

Amount of
increase in
Principal Amount
at maturity of
this Global Note

Principal Amount
at maturity of
this Global Note
following such
decrease
(or
increase)

Signature of
authorized officer
of Trustee or
Custodian

*
 This schedule should be included only if the Note is issued in global form.

 16

 ARTICLE IV

REMEDIES

 SECTION 4.1
Events of Default.

 Event of Default means, wherever used herein with respect to the Notes, any one of
the following events (whatever the reason for such Event of Default and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any
administrative or governmental body):

(1)
 an Event of Default pursuant to Section 5.01 of the Base Indenture; or

(2)
 the Company s failure to pay the Repurchase Price when due in connection with a Change of Control
Repurchase Event.

 SECTION 4.2 Waiver of Past Defaults.

Section 5.12 of the Base Indenture shall not apply to the Notes, and, with respect to the Notes, any reference to Section 5.12 in
the Base Indenture shall instead be deemed to refer to this Section 4.2.

 Subject to Section 5.02 of the Base Indenture, the
Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes may on behalf of the Holders of all the Notes waive any past Default hereunder with respect to the Notes and its consequences, except a default

(1) in the payment of the principal of or premium, if any, or interest on any Note or the Repurchase Price in connection with a Change of
Control Repurchase Event; or

 (2) in respect of a covenant or provision hereof or of the Base Indenture which under Article VII hereof or
under Article IX of the Base Indenture cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the Holder of each Outstanding Note affected.

Upon any such waiver, such Default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured, for
every purpose of this First Supplemental Indenture, but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or impair any right consequent thereon.

ARTICLE V

 REDEMPTION OF
SECURITIES

 SECTION 5.1 Optional Redemption.

Prior to June 19, 2035, the Company may, at its option, redeem all or a part of the Notes upon not more than 60 nor less than 10 days
prior notice, at a redemption price in cash equal to the greater of:

 (1) 100% of the principal amount of any Notes being redeemed, and

 (2) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Notes to be redeemed discounted
to the Redemption Date on a semiannual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 20 basis points less
(b) interest accrued to the Redemption Date,

 17

 plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount of the Notes being
redeemed to, but excluding, the Redemption Date.

 On or after June 19, 2035, the Company may, at its option, redeem all or a part of
the Notes upon not more than 60 nor less than 10 days prior notice, at a redemption price in cash equal to 100% of the principal amount of any Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date.

Any notice of any redemption may, at the Company s discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, including, but not
limited to, completion of a securities offering or other corporate transaction.

 SECTION 5.2 Base Indenture.

Any redemption of the Notes under Section 5.1 above shall be in accordance with Article XI of the Base Indenture (Redemption of
Securities).

 ARTICLE VI

PARTICULAR COVENANTS

SECTION 6.1 Liens.

The Credit Parties shall not, and shall not cause or permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, create, assume, incur or guarantee any
indebtedness for money borrowed that is secured by a pledge, mortgage, lien or other encumbrance (other than Permitted Liens) on any voting stock or profit participating equity interests of their respective Subsidiaries (to the extent of their
ownership of such voting stock or profit participating equity interests) or any entity that succeeds (whether by merger, consolidation, sale of assets or otherwise) to all or any substantial part of the business of any of such Subsidiaries, without
providing that the Notes (together with, if the Credit Parties shall so determine, any other indebtedness of, or guarantee by, the Credit Parties ranking equally with the Notes and existing as of the closing of the offering of the Notes or
thereafter created) will be secured equally and ratably with or prior to all such other indebtedness secured by such pledge, mortgage, lien or other encumbrance on the voting stock or profit participating equity interests of any such entities for so
long as such other indebtedness is so secured. This Section 6.1 shall not limit the ability of the Credit Parties or their Subsidiaries to incur indebtedness or other obligations secured by liens on assets other than the voting stock or profit
participating equity interests of the Credit Parties and their respective Subsidiaries.

 SECTION 6.2 Obligation to Offer to
Repurchase Upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event.

 (1) If a Change of Control Repurchase Event occurs, unless the Company
has exercised its option to redeem the Notes pursuant to Article V, the Company shall make an offer to each Holder of Notes to repurchase all or any part (each new note will be in a minimum principal amount of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000
in excess thereof) of that Holder s Notes (the Change of Control Offer ) at a repurchase price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes
repurchased to, but excluding, the date of purchase (the Repurchase Price ).

 18

 (2) In connection with any Change of Control related to a Change of Control Repurchase Event
and any particular reduction in the rating on the Notes, the Company shall request from the Rating Agencies each such Rating Agency s written confirmation that such reduction in the rating on the Notes was the result, in whole or in part, of
any event or circumstance comprised of or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control (whether or not the applicable Change of Control shall have occurred at the time of any Below Investment Grade Rating Event). The
Company shall promptly deliver an Officers Certificate to the Trustee certifying as to whether or not such confirmation has been received or denied.

(3) Within 30 days following any Change of Control Repurchase Event or, at the Company s option, prior to any Change of Control, but
after the public announcement of the Change of Control, the Company shall give notice to each Holder of Notes, with a written copy to the Trustee. Such notice shall state:

(i) a description of the transaction or transactions that constitute or may constitute the Change of Control Repurchase Event;

 (ii) that the Change of Control Offer is being made pursuant to this Section 6.2;

(iii) the Repurchase Price and the date on which the Repurchase Price will be paid, which date shall be a Business Day that is
no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed, other than as may be required by law (the Repurchase Price Payment Date ); and

(iv) if the notice is given prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, a statement that the offer to purchase
is conditioned on the Change of Control Repurchase Event occurring on or prior to the payment date specified in the notice.

 (4) The
Company shall comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection
with the repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change of Control Repurchase Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the Notes, the Company
shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the Notes by virtue of such conflict.

(5) On the Repurchase Price Payment Date, the Company shall, to the extent lawful:

(i) accept for payment all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer;

(ii) deposit with the Paying Agent an amount equal to the Repurchase Price in respect of all Notes or portions of Notes
properly tendered; and

 (iii) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted together with an
Officers Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes or portions of Notes being purchased.

 The Paying Agent shall promptly deliver
to each Holder of Notes properly tendered the Repurchase Price for such Notes, and the Trustee shall promptly authenticate (if applicable) and deliver (or cause to be transferred by book-entry) to each Holder of Notes properly tendered a new Note
equal in principal amount to any unpurchased portion of any Notes surrendered; provided that each new Note will be in a minimum principal amount of $2,000 or any integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof.

 19

 (6) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be required to make an offer to
repurchase the Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event if (i) a third party makes such an offer in respect of the Notes in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Company and
such third party purchases all the Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer or (ii) the Company has given written notice of a redemption as provided under Section 5.2; provided that the Company has not failed to pay
the Redemption Price on the Redemption Date.

 SECTION 6.3 Financial Reports.

Section 7.04 of the Base Indenture shall apply to the reports, information, and documents delivered under this Section 6.3.

(1) For so long as the Company is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Company shall
provide (or cause its Affiliates to provide) to the Trustee, unless available on the Commission s Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System (or successor system) ( EDGAR ), within 15 days after the Company
files the same with the Commission, copies of the annual reports and of the information, documents and other reports (or copies of such portions of any of the foregoing as the SEC may from time to time by rules and regulations prescribe) which the
Company may file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. The Trustee may conclusively presume, and shall incur no liability in such presumption, that the Company has not filed any such reports,
information, documents and other reports with the Commission that are not available on EDGAR unless and until it shall have received written notice from the Company to the contrary.

(2) For so long as any of the Notes remain Outstanding, during any period when the Company is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act, the Company shall, or shall cause its Affiliates to, furnish to the Holders of the Notes and prospective investors, upon their request, the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act and,
unless available on the Commission s Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System (or successor system), such information for the Company (as if such rule applied to it). The Company shall, or shall cause its Affiliates to, make
the above information and reports available to securities analysts and prospective investors upon request.

 (3) Delivery of such reports,
information and documents to the Trustee shall be for informational purposes only and the Trustee s receipt of such shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained
therein, including the Company s compliance with any of the covenants contained in the Indenture (as to which the Trustee will be entitled to conclusively rely upon an Officers Certificate). The Trustee shall have no obligation to
determine if and when the Company s information is available on EDGAR and the Trustee shall have no obligation to obtain any reports that are posted on EDGAR.

 20

 ARTICLE VII

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES

SECTION 7.1 Supplemental Indentures without Consent of Holders of the Notes.

For the purposes of the Base Indenture and this First Supplemental Indenture, no amendment to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency in
this First Supplemental Indenture, the Base Indenture or the Notes made solely to conform this First Supplemental Indenture, the Base Indenture or the Notes to the Description of the Notes contained in the Company s offering memorandum dated
September 16, 2025, shall be deemed to adversely affect the interests of the Holders of any Notes.

 SECTION 7.2 Supplemental
Indentures with Consent of Holders of the Notes.

 Section 9.02 of the Base Indenture shall not apply to the Notes, and, with
respect to the Notes, any reference to Section 9.02 in the Base Indenture shall instead be deemed to refer to this Section 7.2.

With the consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes affected by such
supplemental indenture (including consents obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange for the Notes), by Act of said Holders delivered to the Company, the Guarantors and the Trustee, the Company, the Guarantors and the Trustee may enter
into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of the Indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders of such Notes
under the Indenture; provided, however, no such supplemental indenture shall, without the consent of the Holder of each Outstanding Note affected thereby:

(1) change the Stated Maturity of the principal of, or any installment of principal of or interest on, any Note;

(2) reduce the principal amount of any Note which would be due and payable upon a declaration of acceleration of the Maturity thereof pursuant
to Section 5.02 and Section 5.03 of the Base Indenture, or reduce the rate of or extend the time of payment of interest on any Note;

(3) reduce the Repurchase Price in connection with a Change of Control Repurchase Event;

(4) reduce any premium payable upon the redemption of or change the date on which any Note may or must be redeemed;

(5) change the coin or currency in which the principal of or premium, if any, or interest on any Note is payable;

(6) impair the right of any Holder to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or after the Stated Maturity thereof (or, in
the case of redemption, on or after the Redemption Date);

 (7) reduce the percentage in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes the
consent of whose Holders is required for modification or amendment of this First Supplemental Indenture or the Base Indenture or the consent of whose Holders is required for any waiver (of compliance with certain provisions of the Base Indenture or
this First Supplemental Indenture or certain defaults thereunder and hereunder and their consequences) provided for in the Base Indenture and this First Supplemental Indenture;

 21

 (8) modify any of the provisions of this Section 7.2 or Section 5.12 or
Section 10.05 of the Base Indenture, except to increase any such percentage or to provide that certain other provisions of this First Supplemental Indenture cannot be modified or waived without the consent of the Holder of each Outstanding Note
affected thereby; provided, however, that this clause shall not be deemed to require the consent of any Holder with respect to changes in the references to the Trustee and concomitant changes in this Section 7.2 and
Section 10.05 of the Base Indenture, or the deletion of this proviso, in accordance with the requirements of Sections 6.11 and 9.01(7) of the Base Indenture;

(9) subordinate the Notes or any Guarantee of a Guarantor in respect thereof to any other obligation of the Company or such Guarantor;

(10) modify the terms of any Guarantee in any manner adverse to the Holders of the Notes; or

(11) modify clauses (1) through (10) above.

It shall not be necessary for any Act of Holders under this Section 7.2 to approve the particular form of any proposed supplemental
indenture, but it shall be sufficient if such Act shall approve the substance thereof.

 In addition, the Holders of at least a majority in
aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes may, on behalf of the Holders of all Notes, waive compliance with the Credit Parties covenants described under Sections 6.1, 6.2 and 6.3 hereof and Article VIII of the Base Indenture.

ARTICLE VIII

 DEFEASANCE

SECTION 8.1 Covenant Defeasance.

Section 13.03 of the Base Indenture shall not apply to the Notes, and, with respect to the Notes, any reference to Section 13.03 in
the Base Indenture shall instead be deemed to refer to this Section 8.1.

 Upon the Company s exercise of its option, if any, to
have this Section 8.1 applied to the Notes, or if this Section 8.1 shall otherwise apply to the Notes, (1) the Company and the Guarantors shall be released from their respective obligations and any covenants provided pursuant to
Article VI of this First Supplemental Indenture and Section 3.01(18), Section 8.01, Section 9.01(1), Section 9.01(12) and Section 14.02 of the Base Indenture for the benefit of the Holders of such Notes and (2) the
occurrence of any event specified in Section 5.01(4) and Section 5.01(8) of the Base Indenture and Section 4.1(2) of this First Supplemental Indenture shall be deemed not to be or result in an Event of Default, in each case with
respect to such Notes and the related Guarantees as provided in Section 13.03 of the Base Indenture on and after the date the conditions set forth in Section 13.04 of the Base Indenture are satisfied (hereinafter called Covenant
Defeasance ). For this purpose, such Covenant Defeasance means that, with respect to such Notes and Guarantees, each of the Company and the Guarantors may omit to comply with and shall have no liability in respect of any term, condition or
limitation set forth in any such specified Section, whether directly or indirectly by reason of any reference elsewhere herein to any such Section or by reason of any reference in any such Section to any other provision herein or in any other
document, but the remainder of the Base Indenture, this First Supplemental Indenture and such Notes and Guarantees shall be unaffected thereby.

 22

 ARTICLE IX

MISCELLANEOUS

 SECTION 9.1
Execution as Supplemental Indenture.

 This First Supplemental Indenture is executed and shall be construed as an indenture
supplemental to the Base Indenture and this First Supplemental Indenture and the Base Indenture shall henceforth be read together, and any conflict between the Base Indenture and this First Supplemental Indenture shall be resolved as provided in
Section 1.3 of this First Supplemental Indenture.

 SECTION 9.2 Not Responsible for Recitals or Issuance of Notes.

 The recitals contained herein and in the Notes, except the Trustee s certificates of authentication, shall be taken as the
statements of the Company and the Guarantors, as the case may be, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for their correctness. The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this First Supplemental Indenture or of the
Securities or the Guarantees. The Trustee shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Company of the Notes or the proceeds thereof.

SECTION 9.3 Separability Clause.

In case any provision in this First Supplemental Indenture or in the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality
and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

 SECTION 9.4 Successors and
Assigns.

 All covenants and agreements in this First Supplemental Indenture by the Company and the Guarantors shall bind their
respective successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not. All agreements of the Trustee in this First Supplemental Indenture shall bind its successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not.

SECTION 9.5 Execution and Counterparts.

This First Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which so executed shall be deemed to be an original,
and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.

 SECTION 9.6 Electronic Signatures.

Section 3.03 of the Base Indenture is hereby waived. The words execution, signed, signature,
and words of like import in this First Supplemental Indenture or in any other certificate, agreement or document related to this First Supplemental Indenture, including, without limitation, any Global Security, shall include images of manually
executed signatures transmitted by other electronic format (including, without limitation, pdf , tif or jpg ) and other electronic signatures (including, without limitation, DocuSign and AdobeSign), so long as
any electronic signature is a true representation of such signatory s actual signature. The use of electronic signatures and electronic records (including, without limitation, any contract or other record created, generated, sent,
communicated, received, or stored by electronic means) shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based record-keeping system to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law,
including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, and any other applicable law, including, without limitation, any state law based on the Uniform Electronic
Transactions Act or the Uniform Commercial Code.

 23

 SECTION 9.7 Governing Law.

This First Supplemental Indenture, the Notes and the Guarantees shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State
of New York. The Company, the Guarantors and the Trustee agree that any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to the Indenture, and the Company, the Guarantors and Holders of the Notes by purchase of their Note agree that any
legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to the Notes, may be instituted, brought and enforced in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (or, other than with respect to a cause of action arising
under the Securities Act, if such court does not have jurisdiction over such action, suit or proceeding, the Supreme Court of New York County (Commercial Division) in the State of New York of the State of New York), which will be the exclusive forum
for any such actions, suits or proceedings, except that any action, suit or proceeding asserting a cause of action arising under the Exchange Act may also be brought and enforced in any federal district court of the United States, which will be the
exclusive forum for such actions, suits or proceedings. The Company, the Guarantors and the Holders of the Notes by purchase of their Note will be deemed to have consented to the jurisdiction of such courts and have waived any objection that such
courts represent an inconvenient forum for any such suit, action or proceeding.

 SECTION 9.8 FATCA.

In order to comply with applicable tax laws, rules and regulations, including FATCA (inclusive of directives, guidelines and interpretations
promulgated by competent authorities) in effect from time to time ( Applicable Law ), the Trustee shall be entitled to make any withholding or deduction from payments under the Indenture to the extent necessary to comply with
Applicable Law (and shall timely pay the amounts so withheld or deducted to the applicable governmental authority) for which The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. shall not have any liability, except in cases of gross negligence or willful
misconduct. Each of the Company and the Trustee agrees to reasonably cooperate and, at the reasonable request of the other, to provide the other with such information as each may have in its possession that is necessary to enable the determination
of whether any payments hereunder are subject to FATCA Withholding Tax.

 SECTION 9.9 OFAC Sanctions.

Each of the Company and the Guarantors covenants and represents that (i) neither it nor, to the knowledge of the Company or such
Guarantor, as the case may be, any of its directors, officers, agents or employees is currently subject to any sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury ( OFAC ); and
(ii) neither it, the Guarantors or the Company will use the proceeds of the offering of the Notes, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture party or other person or entity, for the purpose
of financing the activities of any person currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC.

 SECTION 9.10 Electronic
Instructions.

 The Trustee shall have the right to accept and act upon instructions, including funds transfer instructions
( Instructions ) given pursuant to this Indenture and delivered using Electronic Means; provided, however, that the Company and/or the Guarantors, as applicable, shall provide to the Trustee an incumbency certificate
listing officers with the authority to provide such Instructions ( Authorized Officers ) and containing specimen signatures of such Authorized Officers, which incumbency certificate shall be amended by the Company and/or the
Guarantors, as applicable, whenever a person is to be added

 24

or deleted from the listing. If the Company and/or the Guarantors, as applicable, elects to give the Trustee Instructions using Electronic Means and the Trustee in its discretion elects to act
upon such Instructions, the Trustee s understanding of such Instructions shall be deemed controlling. The Company and the Guarantors understand and agree that the Trustee cannot determine the identity of the actual sender of such Instructions
and that the Trustee shall conclusively presume that directions that purport to have been sent by an Authorized Officer listed on the incumbency certificate provided to the Trustee have been sent by such Authorized Officer. The Company and the
Guarantors shall be responsible for ensuring that only Authorized Officers transmit such Instructions to the Trustee and that the Company, the Guarantors and all Authorized Officers are solely responsible to safeguard the use and confidentiality of
applicable user and authorization codes, passwords and/or authentication keys upon receipt by the Company and/or the Guarantors, as applicable. The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from the
Trustee s reliance upon and compliance with such Instructions notwithstanding such directions conflict or are inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction. The Company and the Guarantors agree: (i) to assume all risks arising out of
the use of Electronic Means to submit Instructions to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on unauthorized Instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties; (ii) that it is fully
informed of the protections and risks associated with the various methods of transmitting Instructions to the Trustee and that there may be more secure methods of transmitting Instructions than the method(s) selected by the Company and/or the
Guarantors, as applicable; (iii) that the security procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with its transmission of Instructions provide to it a commercially reasonable degree of protection in light of its particular needs and
circumstances; and (iv) to notify the Trustee immediately upon learning of any compromise or unauthorized use of the security procedures.

[Signature page to follow.]

 25

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this First Supplemental Indenture to be
duly executed all as of the day and year first above written.

THE CARLYLE GROUP INC.

By:

 /s/ John C. Redett

Name:

John C. Redett

Title:

Chief Financial Officer

CARLYLE HOLDINGS I L.P.

By:

 /s/ John C. Redett

 Name:

 Title:

 John C. Redett

 Managing Director

CARLYLE HOLDINGS III L.P.

By:

 /s/ John C. Redett

 Name:

 Title:

 John C. Redett

 Managing Director

CG SUBSIDIARY HOLDINGS L.L.C.

By:

 /s/ John C. Redett

 Name:

 Title:

 John C. Redett

 Managing Director

CARLYLE HOLDINGS II L.L.C.

By:

 /s/ John C. Redett

 Name:

 Title:

 John C. Redett

 Managing Director

 [Signature Page to First Supplemental Indenture]

The Bank of New York Mellon Trust
Company, N.A., as Trustee

By:

 /s/ Ann M. Dolezal

Name: Ann M. Dolezal

Title: Vice President

 [Signature Page to First Supplemental Indenture]