EX-5.1
5
d92535dex51.htm
EX-5.1

EX-5.1

 Exhibit 5.1

Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP

 900 G STREET NW

WASHINGTON, DC 20001

 TELEPHONE: +1-202-636-5500

FACSIMILE: +1-202-636-5502

Direct Dial Number

E-mail Address

 September 19, 2025

The Carlyle Group Inc.

 1001 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW

Washington, D.C. 20004

 To the Addressee Stated Above:

We have acted as counsel to The Carlyle Group Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ) and Carlyle Holdings I L.P., a Delaware
limited partnership ( Carlyle Holdings I ), Carlyle Holdings II L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company ( Carlyle Holdings II ), CG Subsidiary Holdings L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company ( CG Subsidiary
Holdings and, together with Carlyle Holdings I and Carlyle Holdings II, the Delaware Guarantors ) and Carlyle Holdings III L.P., a Qu&eacute;bec soci&eacute;t&eacute; en commandite ( Carlyle Holdings III or the
 Qu&eacute;bec Guarantor and, together with the Delaware Guarantors, the Guarantors ), in connection with the Registration Statement on Form S-3, as amended by Post-Effective
Amendment No. 1 on Form S-3 (as so amended, the Registration Statement ), including the prospectus contained therein (the Prospectus ), filed by the Company and the Guarantors
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission ) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), relating to, among other things, (i) the issuance by the Company, from time to time for
an indeterminate aggregate initial offering price of, among other things, senior debt securities and (ii) the issuance by the Guarantors of the Guarantees (as defined below).

The Carlyle Group Inc.

2

September 19, 2025

 We have examined the Registration Statement; the Underwriting Agreement dated
September 16, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement ), among the Company, the Guarantors and the underwriters named therein, pursuant to which such underwriters have agreed to purchase $800,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.050%
Senior Notes due 2035 (the Notes ) issued by the Company and unconditionally guaranteed by the Guarantors; the Indenture, dated as of September 19, 2025 (the Senior Indenture ), among the Company, the Guarantors and
The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the Trustee ) as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 19, 2025 (the First Supplemental Indenture ), among the Company, the
Guarantors and the Trustee (together with the Senior Indenture, the Indenture ); a duplicate of the global note representing the Notes and the guarantees whose terms are set forth in the Indenture (the Guarantees ). In
addition, we have examined, and have relied as to matters of fact upon, originals, or duplicates or certified or conformed copies, of such records, agreements, documents and other instruments and such certificates or comparable documents of public
officials and of officers and representatives of the Company and the Guarantors and have made such other investigations as we have deemed relevant and necessary in connection with the opinions hereinafter set forth.

In rendering the opinions set forth below, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the legal capacity of natural persons, the
authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us as duplicates or certified or conformed copies, and the authenticity of the originals of such latter documents. We also
have assumed that the Indenture is the valid and legally binding obligation of the Trustee.

The Carlyle Group Inc.

3

September 19, 2025

 In rendering the opinions set forth below, we have assumed further that (1) the
Qu&eacute;bec Guarantor is validly existing and in good standing under the law of the jurisdiction in which it is organized and has duly authorized, executed, issued and delivered the Underwriting Agreement, the Indenture and its Guarantee in
accordance with its organizational documents and the law of the jurisdiction in which it is organized, (2) the execution, issuance, delivery and performance by the Qu&eacute;bec Guarantor of the Underwriting Agreement, the Indenture and its
Guarantee do not constitute a breach or violation of its organizational documents or violate the law of the jurisdiction in which it is organized or any other jurisdiction (except that no such assumption is made with respect to the law of the State
of New York, the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (the DLLCA ) and the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act (the DRULPA ) and (3) the
execution, issuance, delivery and performance, as applicable, by the Company and each Guarantor of the Underwriting Agreement, the Indenture, the Notes and the Guarantees, as applicable, do not constitute a breach or default under any agreement or
instrument which is binding upon the Company or any such Guarantor.

 Based upon the foregoing, and subject to the qualifications,
assumptions and limitations stated herein, we are of the opinion that:

1.
 Assuming due authentication thereof by the Trustee and upon payment and delivery in accordance with the
provisions of the Underwriting Agreement, the Notes will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms.

2.
 Assuming due authentication of the Notes by the Trustee and upon payment for and delivery of the Notes in
accordance with the Underwriting Agreement, the Guarantees will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Guarantors enforceable against the Guarantors in accordance with their terms.

The Carlyle Group Inc.

4

September 19, 2025

 Our opinions set forth above are subject to (i) the effects of bankruptcy,
insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors rights generally, (ii) general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), (iii)
an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing and (iv) the effects of the possible judicial application of foreign laws or foreign governmental or judicial action affecting creditors rights. In addition we express no opinion as to
the validity, legally binding effect or enforceability of (i) the waiver of rights and defenses contained in Section 14.06 of the Senior Indenture or (ii) Section 1.10 and Section 10.3 of the Senior Indenture and the First
Supplemental Indenture, respectively, relating to the separability of the provisions of the Indenture.

 In connection with the provisions
of the Indenture, whereby the parties submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of the United States of America for the Southern District of New York, we note the limitations of 28 U.S.C. Sections 1331 and 1332 on subject matter jurisdiction of the
U.S. federal courts. In connection with the provisions of the Indenture which relate to forum selection (including, without limitation, any waiver of any objection to venue or any objection that a court is an inconvenient forum), we note that
under N.Y.C.P.L.R. Section 510 a New York State court may have discretion to transfer the place of trial, and under 28 U.S.C. Section 1404(a) a U.S. District Court has discretion to transfer an action from one U.S. federal court to
another.

 We do not express any opinion herein concerning any law other than the law of the State of New York, the DGCL, the DLLCA and the
DRULPA. We expressly disclaim coverage of any other Delaware law, except judicial decisions interpreting the DGCL, the DLLCA and the DRULPA.

The Carlyle Group Inc.

5

September 19, 2025

 We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion letter as Exhibit 5.1 to the Registration
Statement and to the use of our name under the caption Legal Matters in the Prospectus included in the Registration Statement.

 Very truly yours,

 /s/ SIMPSON THACHER & BARTLETT LLP

 SIMPSON THACHER & BARTLETT LLP